1 + 2 = 3; Therefore, 4 + 5 = 6.
2 Rules for Success: Rule #1: Never reveal everything you know.
53.7% of all statistics are totally incorrect
5 billion years the earth takes to form, and we get THIS?
85% of all statistics are made up on the spot.
86 of Borg: You will be assimilated. Would you believe, stood close to?
911: Press 1 if robbery. Press 2 if house on fire. Press 3...
96.37% of all statistics are useless..
A .45 beats a royal flush EVERY TIME
AAAAAA - American Association Against Acronym Abuse Anonymous
A belly button is for salt when you eat celery in bed.
A big enough hammer can usually fix anything.
A bird in the hand is a big mistake.
A bird in the hand is better than one overhead!
(A)bort, (R)etry, (F)ail, (G)rab_Hammer
Abstinence is a good thing if practiced in moderation
A career is a job that takes about 20 more hours a week.
Acid absorbs 10 times its weight in excess reality.
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
A Crucifix? Oy vey, have YOU got the wrong vampire...
Actions are usually right, but the reasons seldom are.
A cynic smells flowers and looks for the casket.
Adam ate the apple, and our teeth still ache.
ADVENTURE: The land between entertainment and panic.
(a) Fast, (b) Reliable, (c) Inexpensive - Pick Two.
A fool with a tool is a well-equipped fool
Age and treachery can always overcome youth and skill.
A girl a day keeps the wife away.
A good marriage outlasts the first box of dental floss.
A husband is a lover who pushed his luck too far.
Aibohphobia: Fear of palindromes.
A jerk present in a group indicates a jerk in charge.
A lawyer's opinion is worth nothing unless paid for.
Alex, I'll take "Things Only I Know" for $1000, please.
A little greed can get you lots of stuff
"All my hidden skills are undiscovered." - Clinton
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts. --And in taglines.
All women are automatically born with a shopping disorder
A low yield atomic bomb is like being a bit pregnant.
Always remember you're unique - just like everyone else.
Always smile. It makes people wonder what you're up to.
A man attempting to walk around the world DROWNED today..
Am I ignorant or apathetic? I don't know and don't care!
Anarchists of the world, UNITE!!
And Adam asked, "What's a Headache?"
And Homer saith unto them, "D'OH!" -- Bart 17:3
And on the seventh day, He took an aspirin.
and that, my leige, is how we know the Earth to be banana-shaped...
"And we had to chisel taglines into the walls of the cave...."
An egotist is a person who is more interested in himself than in me.
"A newspaper is a collection of half-injustices"
An idea is not responsible for fools who believe in it.
Answers: $1. Correct answers: $5. Dumb looks: Free!
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day...
A nudist has no reason to fear a pickpocket.
Any given program, once running, is obsolete.
Any key will commence hard drive format. Continue (y/n)?
Anyone who remembers the 60's... wasn't there.
Any sufficiently advanced bug will become a feature.
Anything good is either illegal, immoral or fattening.
Anything not nailed down is a cat toy.
A paid up computer is, by definition, obsolete.
A penny saved is a Congressional oversight.
A perfect woman is one that is inflated to 40 psi.
A preposition is a poor word to end a sentence with.
A problem can be found for almost every solution.
Are you a Klingon, or is that a turtle on your head?
Armadillo: A mouse built to government specs.
As confused as a baby at a topless bar.
A seminar on Time Travel will be held 2 weeks ago....
A short cut is the longest distance between two points.
Ask me about my vow of silence...
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.
Avoid the 5 o'clock rush - always leave work at noon.
A wife lasts as long as a marriage, an ex-wife for ever.
A woman cries before the wedding, a man after.
Backup not found: (A)bort (R)etry (P)anic
Bank Rule: To get a loan, first prove you don't need it.
Basic Flying Rule #1: Keep the pointy end forward.
Bathroom scale: Something you stand on and swear at.
Beer: So much more than a breakfast drink.
Behind every good computer - is a jumble of wire.
Behind every great computer lies... a mess of wires!
Behind every man, there's a woman with nothing to wear.
Be reasonable..... do it my way.
Beware programmers carrying screwdrivers.
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
Blessed are the meek, for they make great scapegoats.
BorgBurgers. We do it our way. Your way is irrelevant.
"Bother," said Pooh, as he torched the forest.....
Both of his feet are firmly planted in the air.
Bumper Sticker: HORN NOT WORKING -- WATCH FOR HAND SIGNALS.
Bureaucrats cut red tape--lengthwise.
Bush says "No new taxes!", Clinton says, "No, NEW taxes!"
But honey, I wouldn't be up so late on a faster machine!
Call me if you need my phone number!
Canadian DOS prompt: EH?\>
Can bankers count? Eight windows and only four tellers?
Can you repeat the part after 'Listen very carefully'?
Captain we're at 1700 CPS. The UARTs canna take much more
Cats are smarter than dogs... You won't see eight cats pulling a sled.
Cats remind us that not everything in Nature has purpose.
Circular Definition: see Definition, Circular.
Compatible: Blows up a little later than Incompatible
Computers make very fast, very efficient mistakes.
Confidence is important; the computer can sense fear.
Copper wire was invented by lawyers arguing over a penny.
Cross river *THEN* insult alligator.
Curiosity didn't kill the cat. I got 'im with the mower!
Daddy, how come my magnet won't pick up these disks?
Dear Santa, all I want is your list of naughty girls.
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
Dentist's famous last words: "You won't feel a thing..."
Desk: A very large wastebasket with drawers.
Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular.
Did you expect mere proof to sway my opinion?
Diplomacy: Saying "Nice doggie" until you can find a rock
Dog for sale: eats anything and is fond of children
Do I straddle the fence on issues? Well, yes and no....
Do NOT look into laser with remaining eye..
Do not merely believe in miracles, rely on them.
Don't be sexist! Chicks hate that.
Don't confuse me with facts, my mind is made up!
Don't even TRY to THINK without proper tools.
Don't lend people money. It causes amnesia.
Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper.
Don't open the darkroom door; it lets all the dark out.
Don't play with matches. Lighters work much, much better.
Don't take life seriously... it isn't permanent.
Double your hard disk space: DELETE WINDOWS!
Elvis Stamps: Where will your mail be spotted next?
Engineers: often wrong, seldom in doubt.
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue
Epitaph on a gravestone: Cheerio, see you soon.
Eschew Obfuscation!
Ethel the Aardvark Goes Quantity Surveying... the Musical!
Everyone makes mistakes, if not we'd all be single!
Every silver lining has a cloud around it.
Excuse my driving ... I'm trying to reload.
Exxon - greasing the coastline for smoother boating!
Features should be discovered, not documented!
Federal Law prohibits the removal of this tagline
First Rule of Intelligent Tinkering - Save all parts
Florida bumper sticker: DON'T SHOOT! I'M LOCAL!
Fools and their money become popular quickly.
Girlfriend pregnant: (I)gnore (R)etry (A)bort ?
Give and you might receive. Take and be sure of it.
Go ahead, correct my typos. I'll make more.
Golden Rule: He who has the gold makes the rules.
Good girls go to heaven. Bad girls go EVERYwhere.
Got my Uzi, got some Scotch... let's go to Disneyland!
Gotta run...the cat's caught in the printer again!
Governments absorb 100x their weight in excess liberties.
"Graphic Artist seeks Boss with vision impairment."
Great beer bellies are made, not born.
Guns don't kill people. Bullets kill people.
"Happiness is a warm puppy," said the anaconda.
hAS ANYONE SEEN MY cAPSLOCK KEY??
Have a cold? Let me introduce you to Doc Jack Kevorkian.
Have an adequate day.
He does the work of 3 men.... Larry Moe & Curly.
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of woman scorned!
Hell is full. The damned are now in Tech Support.
Help stamp out, eliminate, and abolish redundancy!
Here, you go first, you're immune to bullets.
He's dead Jim. Grab his tricorder. I'll get his wallet.
He's dead, Jim. Kick him if you don't believe me.
He's not dead, he's electroencephalographically challenged
He who laughs last... had to have it explained.
He who takes credit for rain will be blamed for drought.
Hey, is this yours? Your dog left it on my lawn...
Hey!! These cookies don't taste like Girl Scouts!
Hey, wake up! It's time for your sleeping pills.
Hire teenagers while they still know everything.
History is a set of lies agreed upon by the Victors
Hmmm, fence must still be down over at the funny farm....
Honesty pays, but not enough for some.
Honk if you love obscene gestures.
Hot water Heaters: hot water needs heating?
How can you be so deaf with those huge ears?
How come wrong numbers are never busy???
How do they get Teflon to stick to the pans?
How do they get the deer to cross at the signs?
How do you keep a turkey in suspense?
How do you know if you run out of invisible ink?
Humpty Dumpty was pushed! Well, I saw it on X-Files....
I am Bullwinkle of Borg. Prepare to be pulled out of my hat.
I am in total control, but don't tell my wife.
I am not 40, I'm 18 with 22 years experience
I am not young enough to know everything.
I am the Marlboro Man of Borg. I (cough) will assim- (choke, wheeze)..
I before E except after C, huh? Weird.....
I came, I saw, I confused.
I can keep a secret, it's the people I tell who can't.
I can SPELL, I just can't TYPE worth a hoot!
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
"I'd like to buy a schwa, Pat."
I'd love to, but I'm observing National Apathy Week.
I'd love to, but I'm teaching my ferret to yodel.
I'd love to, but my bathroom tiles need grouting.
I'd love to, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
I'd love to, but my patent is pending.
I'd love to, but my uncle escaped again.
I'd love to, but the President said he might drop in.
I'd love to change the world ... if I can get the source code.
I don't have all the answers, just those that count.
I don't have a solution but I really admire the problem.
I don't own any slaves. My wife has one, though.
"I drank WHAT?!?!" - Socrates
If all appears to go well, you missed something...
If all goes well, you've overlooked something!
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong
If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
If at first you don't succeed, call it Version 1.0
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving isn't for you.
If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy folks?
If it ain't broke, let me have a shot at it.
If it ain't water-cooled... it's a terminal!
If it jams, force it.... If it breaks, it needed replacing
If it screams, it's not food, yet....
If it's obvious, it's obviously wrong.
If it's useless, it will have to be documented.
If it works, rip it apart and find out why!
If it works, you must have done something wrong.
If I want your opinion I'll beat it out of you!
If love is blind, lingerie makes great braille.
If only women came with pull-down menus and on-line help!
I forget the dream, but I'm missing a pajama button...
If screwups were dollars, I'd be a millionaire!!
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
If the theists all shut up, the gods would be speechless.
If things improve with age, I'm nearly MAGNIFICENT!
If this were an actual tagline, it would be funny.
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
If Version 1.0 works someone goofed...
If you believe in telekinesis, please raise my hand.
If you can't laugh at yourself ... I'll do it for you.
If you can't make it good, make it big.
If you can't make it good, make it expensive.
If you have nothing to say, please only say it once!
If you really want to know, you won't ask me.
If you're not the lead dog, the view can be very interesting!
If you want her to show emotion, cut up her credit cards.
If you want someone to keep a secret, keep it yourself.
If you want the last word with a woman, apologize.
I have a speech impediment ... my foot.
I have seen the data... now bring me some I can agree with
I idiot-proof my programs, but along comes a bigger idiot.
I'll get to it on the 2nd Tuesday of next week.
I'll have one brain on drugs with bacon, toast and juice.
I'll have what the gentleman on the floor is having.
I'm! A! Graduate! Of! The! Bill! Shatner! Acting! School!
I may have my faults, but being wrong ain't one of them.
I may look busy, but I'm just confused!
I'm dangerous when I know what I'm doing.
I'm easy to please as long as I get my way.
I'm just here for moral support... please ignore the gun.
I'm not afraid of flying, I'm afraid of crashing.
I'm not afraid of heights; I'm afraid of widths.
I'm not dead, I'm metabolically challenged.
I'm not lost, I'm "locationally challenged."
I'm not paranoid! Which of my enemies told you this?
I'm not rude, I'm "attitudinally challenged".
I'm not spoiled...I'm not, I'm not, I'm not!
I'm NOT stubborn! You can't convince me otherwise!!
I'm NOT unemployed. ....I'm a consultant.
I'm NOT "white," I'm "melanin-challenged."
I'm not worthless. I can always serve as a bad example.
"I'm sick! I ought to be home in bed with a nurse."
I'm sorry Mrs. Bobbitt, you can't send that in the mail.
I'm spending a year dead for tax purposes.
...I multi-task, I read in the bathroom.
I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done.
In an attempt to kill a fly, I drove into a pole.
In an empty head, you can hear forever....
I never get lost, just momentarily disoriented.
"I never met a chocolate I didn't like." --Deanna Troi
Insanity is just a state of mind.
Insert disk 5 of 4 and press any key to continue
Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.
In zen skiing, you learn to become one with the snow.
Is there a lawyer in the house? <BLAM!> Is there another?
It ain't over, but the fat lady is clearing her throat.
I think my learning curve has turned into a circle.
It is always darkest just before you turn on the lights.
It said "Insert disk #3", but only 2 will fit!
It's been a business doing pleasure with you...
It's not a BUG, it's an undocumented feature!
It's not the money I want, it's the stuff.
It's the Borg!! Quick, everyone try to look useless!
It wasn't my fault your wife wandered into my house!
I used to have a life, now I have a modem.
I used to jog, but the ice kept falling out of my glass.
I used up all my sick days, so I'm calling in dead.
I've met zucchini with more potential.
I wasn't kissing her, I was whispering in her mouth.
I was talking during sex and my girlfriend hung up.
I wish Noah had swatted those two mosquitoes.....
Junk - stuff we throw away. Stuff - junk we keep.
Keyboard not connected. Think F1 to continue.
Kill them all! .... Let God sort them out.
Kinky: Using A Feather. Sick: Using The Whole Chicken
Last night sex was so good the neighbors lit cigarettes.
Lead me not into temptation, I can find my own way
Let me know right away if you don't get this message.
Life is a game. Money is how we keep score.
Life is short, eat dessert first.
Life's essentials: H O C N Ca P Cl K S Na Mg
Light at end of tunnel temporarily out of order.
Limit Congress to 2 terms: one in office, one in jail!
Live long and prosper... But don't let the IRS know.
Love me tender / love me sweet / push me out at 12,000 ft
Love of money is the root of all politics.
LSD: Virtual Reality without all the fancy hardware
Lunatic asylum: where optimism most flourishes.
Mainframe: the biggest PC peripheral you can buy.
Mason-Dixon Line n. Separates y'all from youse guys
Maybe I should cut the power before I-- ZZZAAPPOWWWWWW
Meaning of life: <deleted for lack of space>
Memories of you remind me of you.
MilliHelen: Amount of beauty needed to launch one ship.
Mind like a steel trap - rusted shut!
Misspelled? Impossible. My modem is error correcting.
Monday is a hard way to spend 1/7 of your life.
Money is the Root of All Evil. For more info, send $10.
Multitasking = screwing up several things at once.
My dog thinks he's human, my cat thinks he's GOD.
My name is Bond, James Bond of Borg. You will be shaken, not stirred.
My other computer runs the Enterprise.
My other vehicle is a Galaxy Class Starship
Network management is like trying to herd cats...
Never draw fire, it irritates everyone around you.
Never insult 7 men when all you're packing is a 6-shooter
Never mind the star, get those camels off my lawn!
Never share a foxhole with anyone braver than you are.
Never test for an error you don't know how to handle.
New religion? I haven't used up the old one, yet!
Next time you wave, use ALL of your fingers!!
No, baby oil does NOT come from squeezing dead babies.
No Credit, Bad Credit? No Problem. No Money? Problem.
None of you exist. The sysop types it all in...
Nothing is so smiple that it can't get screwed up.
No viruses detected. Must be a pair of Nanites.
Now on CD ROM, classic taglines of the computer era.
Now, witness the power of this fully OPERATIONAL tagline!
Number of Vulcans needed to replace a bulb? Precisely 1.000
Objects in taglines are closer than they appear.
Objects under T-Shirt are larger than they appear.
Of all the people I've met, you're certainly one of 'em.
Of course I have backup tapes! Do you want last years?
Of COURSE I'm on topic. (Which echo is this?)
Oh sure! But what's the speed of dark?
Okay, I pulled the pin. Now what? Where are you going?
Once again, Odo wins the Twister championship.
Once the pin is pulled, Mr. Grenade is no longer a friend...
"Oops." -- Richard Nixon
Optimist: A Yugo owner with a trailer hitch!
OS/2 VirusScan - "Windows found: Remove it? [Y/y]"
Overdrawn? No way! I still have checks left!
paranoia: believing this tagline is about you.
People tell me I'm indecisive. Am I? I'm not sure.
Philosophy: unintelligible answers to insoluble problems
Pick Pockets 50% Climb Walls 75% Steal Tagline 99%
Plagiarism is the sincerest form of flattery.
"Please return stewardess to original upright position"
Press any key to continue.. Any other key to format hard drive.
Press any key to continue.. But my computer doesn't have an "any" key.
Press any key to continue. No, not THAT one!
Press any key to continue or any other key to quit
Press Control, Alt, Delete for an I.Q. Test.
Press <CTRL><ALT><DEL> to read the next message...
PRESS To test. <click> RELEASE to detonate.
Procrastination Day Has Been Postponed!
Profanity, the language of computer professionals
Professionals built the Titanic, amateurs built the ark.
Proofread carefully to see if you any words out.
Psychoceramics: The study of crackpots.
Q: What can a goose do, a duck can't, and a lawyer should? A: Stick his bill up his ass
Q: What do you call six blondes placed ear to ear? A: A wind tunnel.
Remember when safe sex was not getting caught in the act?
Repartee: An insult wearing a suit and tie.
Resist everything but temptation.
Reward for a job well done: more work.
Riker to Holodeck: "Woman, 23, hot."
Rule 1: Don't sweat the small stuff. Rule 2: Everything is small stuff
Runtime Error 6D at 417A:32CF: Incompetent User.
Scaldophobia: Fear the toilet will flush while showering.
Seen the new Clinton watch? Only $5.95. $54.95 with tax.
Send $20 and I will double your IQ or no money back
Sharks don't eat lawyers. Professional courtesy.
Sheesh! You start havin' fun, and they send the lawyers!
She said she had nothing to wear. I smiled.
"She's dead, Jim. Still warm, though. Flip ya for her?"
Shh! Be vewy qwiet! I'm hunting wuntime ewwows!
SHIN: A device for finding furniture in the dark
SHOCKING TRUTH: 50% of all people are below average....
Shock me, say something intelligent!
Should we tell the children when we move?
Software Independent: Won't work with ANY software.
Solve the problems of the world: Vote anarchist.
Some thinkle peep I'm under the affluence of inkohol...
sophisticated, adj. deprived of its native simplicity.
...So simple a child could do it? Go find me a child!
Speed doesn't kill. Stopping very fast kills.
Squirt guns don't soak people, People soak people.
Stewardess trainee: "Where does THIS door gooooooooooooo...."
Stick em up! <BANG> Okay.... DON'T stick em' up!
STICK \'stik\ n. 1: A somewhat nonfunctional boomerang.
Stop talking! I'm out of aspirin!
Strip mining prevents forest fires.
Success is just a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
Suicidal dyslexic jumps behind train - film at 11
Suicidal twin kills sister by mistake... news at 11!
Sushi: known to the rest of the world as 'Bait'
SYSOP \'sis äp\ n: the person laughing as you type
Tact is for weenies.
Tagline dispenser temporarily out of order.
Taglines: the toilet-stall walls of BBSdom.
Take my advice, I don't use it anyway.
Talk is cheap -- supply exceeds demand!
"Tea, Early Grey, hot" -Picard .. "Ale, Romulan, lots." -Kirk
The 4 major food groups: fast, frozen, junk, & spoiled.
The Bagginses, they steals our taglines, precioussss ....
The best defense against logic is stupidity.
The bold print giveth and the fine print taketh away.
The flush toilet is the basis of western civilization.
The four snack groups: cakes, crunchies, frozen and sweets.
The man who dies with the most toys is still dead.
The most expensive component is the one that breaks.
The Procrastinators Anonymous meeting has been delayed until next Wednesday
There are 2 kinds of people: pessimists and fools....
There are no answers, only cross-references.
There is no such thing as bravery; only degrees of fear.
The world is coming to an end. Please log off properly.
Things working well, no problems. Time to upgrade.
This building is so high, the elevator shows movies.
This is your brain. Postscript on brain your is This.
This just in: Research causes cancer in rats!
This message written with recycled electrons.
This tagline no verb.
THIS TRUCK HAS BEEN IN 8 ACCIDENTS. It has not lost one yet.
Those who live by the sword... kill those who don't.
Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Tip: Never take a beer to a job interview.
Today is a good day for you to jump in a lake.
Today is cancelled due to lack of interest!
To err is human, to forgive is against my policy
To hell with criticism. Praise is good enough for me.
Tonight's forecast: Dark, scattered light toward dawn.
Took an hour to bury the cat. Silly thing kept moving...
To our sweethearts and wives. May they never meet!
To test a man's character, give him power.
Trespassers will be shot, survivors will be shot again!
True Multitasking = 3 PCs and a chair with wheels!
Tweety of Borg: I tawt I attimilated a Puddy Tat!
Two can live as cheaply as one, for half as long.
Ultimate office automation: networked coffee machines.
"Ummm, trouble with grammar have I? Yes!" --Yoda
Unfortunately, Wife 1.0 is not upgradable
User: The hardest-to-setup PC peripheral you can buy.
Vegetarian: Indian word for lousy hunter!!!
"Very funny, Scotty. Now beam up my clothes."
Virginity IS curable if detected early...
Vuja De: The feeling that none of this has happened before.
War is God's way of teaching us geography.
We are born crying, live complaining, die disappointed
We aren't surrounded. We're in a target-rich environment.
We give nothing as willingly as our advice.
We'll burn that bridge when we come to it.
We now return to your previously-scheduled topics.
We're all sitting in the same boat: I fish, you row.
We're lost but we're making good time.
What happens when you get scared half to death.....twice?
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
What's another word for Thesaurus?
What was the best thing BEFORE sliced bread?
When a cow laughs, does milk come up its nose?
When all is said and done, more is said then done.
When an Agnostic dies, does he go to the Great Perhaps?
When choosing between two evils, select the newer one.
When in doubt, mumble. When in trouble, delegate.
When in doubt, tell a lie
When talking nonsense try not to be serious.
"WHO CARES where Carmen Sandiego is?"
Who do you have to sleep with to get service around here?
Why can't women put the toilet seat back up?
Why did CNN cancel that cool "Desert Storm" show?
Why do those that pay the least complain the most?
Why do we have training bras? What can we teach them?
Why is the word abbreviation so long?
Why yes, I -do- work for a unit of the Illuminati.
Windows isn't a virus. A virus DOES something.
Windows isn't crippleware: it's "Functionally Challenged"
Windows loading. Come back tomorrow.
WinError #01: Unable to figure out own code. System crashed.
Women were meant to be loved, not understood.
Women who seek to be equal to men lack ambition.
WORK HARDER!... Millions on Welfare depend on YOU!
Working hard to become roadkill on the Infobahn.
World Ends at 3pm; Film at 5 on WLKY Early News....
Yea, I'm a pacifist. Wanna make somethin' of it, bub?
Yes, you're right. Unfortunately, I don't really care.
Yo mama's so easy, that Madonna get tips from her!
Yo mama's so ugly, she made an onion cry.
You are an example of why some animals eat their young.
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
You are now entering a School Free Drug Zone.
You can send me to college, but you can't make me think.
You CAN trust the government... ask any Indian.
You go to heaven... God sneezes... What do you say?
You have an important role as a negative example.
You have the right to remain silent.... USE IT!
You have two choices for dinner: Take it or Leave it.
You may use this opinion for a two week trial period.
Your E-mail has been returned due to insufficient voltage
You're not losing more hair, you're gaining more scalp.
You're not old, You're chronologically disadvantaged
You're only young once. You're immature forever.
You're so vain / I bet you think this tagline's about you
You've obviously been educated beyond your intelligence.
