A balding man and his hair are soon parted.
A bank manager who was also a high jumper spent most of his time in the vault.
A baseball pitcher asked if he had a good curve ball, but wanted a straight answer.
A baseball player can sell himself to a new team if he has a good pitch.
A baseball player joined the army and did the round of military bases.
A baseball player was a thief. He was always trying to steal.
A basketball player couldn't control his saliva but he could sure dribble.
A bible falling apart belongs to someone who isn’t.
A boating accident between the yacht, Red Dawn, and the schooner, Blue Lagoon, left the survivors marooned.
A boiled egg in the morning is hard to beat.
A boiled egg is hard to beat.
A book called 'Current Trends in Wiring your House' turned out to be a shocking failure.
A bowling team was called 'lightning' because they had so many strikes.
A boxer who wants to get married has the ring to worry about.
A boy saving up for a car has a lot of driving ambition.
A boy told his parents he wanted to raise goats for a living, but he was only kidding.
A butcher was trying so hard to be funny, but he just wasn't making the cut.
A carpenter sat on his drill and was bored to tears.
A case of disappearing bison had police completely buffaloed.
A cat found a mysterious sweater, but the mystery was soon unravelled.
A church welcomed all denominations but preferred tens and twenties.
A circus lion won't eat clowns because they taste funny.
A city worker who campaigned for new sewer pipes finally had to go underground.
A computer program attached to an electric chair would have to have its execution checked carefully.
A contest held by fire fighters is called a 'match'.
A cowboy who was also an artist could draw fast.
A cow that is pampered too much will give spoiled milk.
A crazy programmer with a cold is a coughing hacker.
Acrobats are always doing good turns.
Actors are cast through their good and bad stages.
A cutlery manufacturing company was built at a fork in the road.
A dentist with a toothache could have a bad impact on his patients.
A discussion of digging a new mine shaft was too deep for him.
A ditch digger was entrenched in his career.
Admitting a mistake: ''Like the orthopedist's patient, I stand corrected.''
A doctor drank while putting on patients' casts. He was soon plastered.
A doctor who became a bartender was always giving out shots!
A dog gave birth to puppies near the road and was ticketed for littering.
A dog who played baseball always got walked.
A doorbell salesman joined the choir, and chimed right in.
A dry cleaners had a dozen suits in court.
A family went to watch a 007 movie at the theatre, it was a bonding experience.
A farmer with a rip in his clothes has an overall problem.
A fisherman tried boxing, but he only threw hooks.
A fisherman who was also a pianist was an expert with scales.
A former doctor, while auditioning for a play, broke his leg. But luckily, he could still make the cast.
A friend told me he dug a hole in my backyard and filled it with water. I thought he meant well.
After 5 years with the same chiropractor, I moved and had to change doctors. It was quite an adjustment.
After a day of changing her triplet's diapers, the new mother was feeling rather pooped.
After dating the goalie on the local team for a while, she realized he was a real keeper.
After Gus gave his girlfriend a 3 dollar box of chocolates for her birthday he got nothing but snickers.
After having a knee dislocated and an elbow fractured in two barroom brawls Bradley should have learned to stay away from those joints.
After he bought a mirror he became very reflective.
After he bought his two-year-old a felt pen, he was a marked man.
After he carried a gun in his car the engine was soon shot.
After he invented the light bulb, people saw Edison in a new light.
After Junior swallowed the watch he had to wait to pass the time.
After selling a shipment of salt the salesman said 'let's shake on that.'
After that poisonous snake struck at me in the Arizona Desert I was really rattled.
After the six campers were discovered missing from their tents the state police began to canvas the area.
After they had it out in the boxing ring, they called it square.
A gambling gardener usually hedges his bets.
A gardener who moved back to his home town rediscovered his roots.
A gardening store owner who often called long distance for importing realized that talk and dirt aren't necessarily cheap.
A girl and her boyfriend went to a party as a barcode. They were an item.
A goat that ate office supplies was on a staple diet.
A group called the Balloons sings pop music.
A group of physicists is called a nucleus.
A guy became so good with a chainsaw that he was promoted to branch manager.
A guy swallowed a spoon and found he couldn't stir.
A guy went to a costume party dressed as a knife, and he really looked sharp.
A ham walked out of the hospital and said ''I'm cured''.
A hangman will always keep you in the loop.
A heavy drinker of hard liquor appears to be in high spirits.
A high scoring football game can be very offensive.
A hole has been found in the nudist camp wall. The police are looking into it.
A horse is a very stable animal.
A husband and wife argued over the weather, but it soon blew over.
Airline pilots make many friends in high places.
A janitor with a broom in hand swept her off her feet.
A jelly truck and a biscuit truck collided yesterday - police are a trifle concerned.
A job circumcising elephants isn't so bad. The base salary is small but the tips are big.
A karate school restaurant served mainly chops.
A kettle on the stove was singing 'Home on the Range'.
A lawyer asked his dentist to give him a retainer.
A lawyer was defending a math teacher. He had to sum up.
A leak in the back of a boat is a stern warning.
Alergy sufferers are itching to get through the hay fever season.
A library should have several floors because it is a multi story building.
Aliens can easily understand each other because their language is universal.
A lingerie thief gave a police officer the slip.
A little boy called his father who made balloons 'pop'.
A little boy fired his light-colored crayons because they wouldn't show up.
A locksmith has to have a good Combination of skills.
A lot of kneeling will keep you in good standing
A lot of trees were dying, but they needed to figure out the root of the problem.
A lovely lady who lost her watch became a timeless beauty.
Always trust a glue salesman. They tend to stick to their word.
A man brought his retriever to the vet for some tests and had to pay a lab fee.
A man given a watch at his retirement said 'it's about time'.
A man giving a speech by candle-light can wax eloquent.
A man stole a case of soap from the corner store. The police said he made a clean getaway.
A man tried working in a shoe store, but he just couldn't seem to fit in.
A manufacturer that made lamps gave their employees a light workload.
A mechanic who was also a musician was good at tuning things.
Ampere was worried he wasn't up to current research.
A musician went to hospital after playing too many accidentals.
A music store owner has to have sound business practices.
An accountant for a restaurant has to be sure the books are not cooked.
An apple farmer with poor yields has to get to the core of the problem.
An archaeologist's career ended in ruins.
An argument at the Bomb Squad convention ended in a blowup.
An army officer is a position that some people shoot for.
An artist with the military kept drawing enemy fire.
An astronaut who fails on a weightlessness experiment must be aware of the gravity of the situation.
An astronomy column in the newspaper would have a lot of space devoted to it.
An electric company is always looking for high energy employees.
An Electrician's work is well grounded.
An elephant's opinion carries a lot of weight.
A new batter joined the baseball team, and he was a real hit.
A new type of broom came out, it is sweeping the nation.
An experienced waiter can give a lot of good tips.
An exterminator in Idaho announced that he invented a new spray, one application of which will remain effective for a full season. ''Of course,'' he warned. ''I've still got a few bugs to iron out.''
''Angel dust? Me? Never touch it!'' Tom snorted.
An hobbituary to Tolkien appeared in each of the major newspapers, all had a familiar ring to them.
Animals are slaughtered for meat at a tender age.
An office with many people and few electrical outlets could be in for a power struggle.
An old lady once asked the dispatcher of a local trucking company if they could ship an antique mirror to her sister in Toronto. The dispatcher says, 'I don't know madam, I'd have to look into it first'.
An old professor who was never on time died and was called the late professor Brown.
An old spice wholesaler is a seasoned veteran.
A noun and a verb were dating but they broke up because the noun was too possessive.
An undertaker can be one of your best friends, he is always the last one to let you down.
An unusual medical book is one which has no appendix.
Any golfer will tell you the gospel truth. Your next shot always depends on the lie.
Anyone should know how to put a saddle on a horse so it won't slip and cause an injury. It's a cinch.
A pair of loud twins were stereo speakers.
A person who would make a banking joke is of no account.
A photographer taking pictures of golfers says 'watch the birdie'.
A pirate with one hand often picked up the phone. He wanted to get off the hook.
A play, based on billiards, started right on cue.
A politician decided to resign on the day of an eclipse because it was a dark day.
A politician with a bad back needs lots of support.
A pop singer bought a new house for a song.
A prisoner's favorite punctuation mark is the period. It marks the end of his sentence.
A professor without a pointer may find that his lecture is pointless.
A racehorse's life is always on track.
A racer who was also a golfer really knew how to drive.
Archimedes set out to invent a water pump and screwed it up.
Archimedes was buoyant at the thought.
Are giraffes good pets or are they too high maintenance?
A reporter was at an ice cream store getting the scoop.
A restaurant owner gave his cooks a stirring speech.
Arguments about the weather will eventually blow over.
Army dentists make a good drill corps.
A rock band set up on the exchange floor. They wanted to play the stock market.
Artificial knees and elbows were developed during a joint project.
A scientist doing a large experiment with liquid chemicals was trying to solve a problem when he fell in and became part of the solution.
A sign at a cemetery reads, 'No Trespassing, Violators Will Face Grave Charges'.
A skier retired because he was going downhill.
A skier who loses a race on a cold day will have a frosty disposition.
A skier who makes it to the olympics finds that it is all downhill from there.
A small boy swallowed some coins and was taken to a hospital. When his grandmother telephoned to ask how he was a nurse said 'No change yet'.
A small boy went to the counter to pay for his lunch but he was a little short.
A speaker at the firearms convention had to rifle through his notes.
A sports match was attended by many scores.
As soon as the airplane was invented, things were looking up.
A streaker was found dead this morning. Police say the details are quite revealing.
Astronauts work in a nice atmosphere.
Astronomers often have their own private viewpoints.
A student limped into class with a lame excuse.
A summer is a mathematician.
As usual, the chief meteorologist blustered his way through the staff meeting.
At a conference, I unexpectedly encountered the wife of a former client, whom I hadn't seen in 20 or more years. ''You haven't changed!'' she exclaimed. ''There's plenty of time for that,'' I replied. ''The dinner isn't until this evening.''
A tailor sometimes decides to suit himself.
A tatoo artist has designs on his clients.
A tattle tale pig is a squealer.
A teacher used his index finger to ask a lot of pointed questions.
At first he was was a sprinter, but then he decided to run for office.
At first I hated my haircut, but now it's growing on me.
A thief fell and broke his leg in wet cement. He became a hardened criminal.
A thief who stole a calendar got twelve months.
A thousand dogs were stolen from a pet shop on Saturday. Police say they have no leads.
A tire store loves a chance to Roll out a new product.
A train load of paint derailed. Nearby businesses were put in the red.
At seven foot six he was a great basketball player and everyone looked up to him.
Attention staff! The clothes keep falling off the mannequins in ladies' wear. Would someone please redress the problem?
Audubon said he'd have to wing it.
Avogadro expected a large number to attend.
A waiter who played tennis was great at serving.
A wig van blew up on the motorway - police are combing the area.
A will is a relative thing.
A woman who became queen considered it her crowning achievement.
A woodcutter's world revolves on his axes.
A young nurse was nervous about giving vaccinations but gave it her best shot.
A young sailor thought all of the waves were just swell.
Backups are usually a good thing unless it's a sewer.
Back when the news was written on clay tablets there was a lot of breaking news.
Badminton players are for the birds.
Banning the bra was a big flop.
Banning Viagra was a big flop.
Baseball is known for its pitched battles.
Baseball players are expected to perform well right off the bat.
Basketball players are always bouncing ideas off each other.
Beats me why anyone would want to be a masochist.
Becoming a yoga instructor offers the possibilities of a unique teaching position.
Before a plumber retired, he took the final plunge.
Before he sold Christmas trees, he got himself spruced up.
Before he was hired as a short order cook they grilled him.
Being a fire-fighter ignited my interest heavily.
Be true to your teeth, or they will be false to you.
Bike sales go in cycles.
Bill Gates took advantage of his Windows of opportunity
Biologists have recently produced immortal frogs by removing their vocal cords. They can't croak.
Biscuits and speeches are better when made with shortening.
Bowling Alley: Please be quiet. We need to hear a pin drop.
Boyle said he was under too much pressure.
Bridge tolls have increased significantly over a 5 year span.
Bring me a rubber band and make it snappy!
Bring your spirtual Marshmellows, our pastor is on fire!
Building a cul-de-sac would be a bit of a dead-end job.
Burning too much incense in a rented room could make the owner incensed.
Business at the candle factory tapered off after the holidays.
- Call me a taxi. -OK, you're a taxi.
Can honeybee abuse lead to a sting operation?
Can I tell you a story about my bed? I made it up.
Careless stair dancers are heading for a heavy landing.
'Change the channel' she said remotely.
Changing a tire on that crazy Houston freeway was a wrenching experience.
Christians, keep the faith...but not from others!
Civil servants named Grant are known as government grants.
Coaches usually have a goal in mind.
Comedians, the biggest joke going.
Come huddle with us before the big game
Come in for a free makeover this Sunday
'Coming ready or not!’ – Jesus.
Conjoined twins aren't the only twins with special connections.
''Consult an investment broker,'' was Tom's stock answer.
Continually discovering new viruses can become a strain.
Convicts are committed people.
Cooks have a lot of spice in their lives.
Could modern submarines be the wave of the future?
Cousteau was submerged in his work.
Cowboys in a rodeo can be sure to get a few bucks.
Darwin said he'd have to see what evolved.
De Broglie waved aside the invitation.
Decimals have a point.
Dentists have the same old grind day after day.
Dentists on death fill their last cavity.
Dentists practice by going through many drills.
Dermatologists often make rash statements.
Derringer had one shot at fame.
Diabetics should not be allowed to have sweet dreams.
Did the reproducing amoeba get a splitting headache?
Did you hear about that new drug that makes people angry? It's all the rage now.
Did you hear about the bivalve they called in to interrogate for that big murder investigation? Apparently, he's clammed up.
Did you hear about the compulsive fisherman? He was really hooked on it.
Did you hear about the crab in financial difficulty? It was starting to feel the pinch.
Did you hear about the crime that happened in a parking garage? It was wrong on so many levels.
Did you hear about the farmer who got attacked by a cow? He milked it for all it was worth.
Did you hear about the guy who planted bullets? He wanted to see a lot of little shoots.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Did you hear about the man who was jabbed in the back with a set of keys? His back locked up.
Did you hear about the new pinata? It's a huge hit.
Did you hear about the pilot who always had work? He was great at landing a job.
Did you hear about these new reversible jackets? I'm excited to see how they turn out.
Did you hear about the tire dealer that had a blowout sale?
Did you see guys that Bob the ventriloquist hangs out with? They're nothing special, just a bunch of dummies.
Digging a hole for a coffin is a grave matter.
Doctor, Doctor, I can't get to sleep. - Sit on the edge of the bed and you'll soon drop off. Next.
Doctor, Doctor I feel like a pair of curtains -  Well pull yourself together then. Next.
Doctor, doctor, I keep thinking I'm a deck of cards. - I'll deal with you later. Next!
Doctor, doctor, I keep thinking I'm a spoon. - Sit there and don't stir. Next.
Doctor, doctor, I think I'm a bridge. - What's come over you? - Two cars, a truck and a coach.
Doctor, Doctor, my hair is coming out. What can you give me to keep it in? - A cigar box. Next.
Doctor, Doctor My little boy has just swallowed a roll of film! - Hmmmm. Let's hope nothing develops. Next.
Doctor, doctor, people tell me I'm a wheelbarrow. - Don't let people push you around. Next.
Doctor, Doctor, should I file my nails? - No. Throw them away like everybody else. Next.
Doctor, Doctor, this ointment you gave me makes my arm smart. . - Then rub some on your head? Next.
Doctor, Doctor, what would you take for this cold? - Make me an offer. Next.
Doctor, Doctor, you've got to help me. I think I'm a kleptomaniac. - Don't worry. I think there's something you can take for that. Next.
''Don't add too much water,'' said Tom with great concentration.
Don't argue with a bomb inventor - he might blow up at you.
Don't get lost in the mist or else you won't have the foggiest idea where you are.
Don’t let adversity get you down unless you are on your knees
Don’t let your footprints in the sands of time be the mark of a heel
Dorothy's dog, of the Wizard of Oz fame, always eats his food entirely - he never leaves any scraps because it's in toto.
Do you ever get tired of sleeping?
Do you have any parting words? - How about comb and brush?
Driving on so many turnpikes was taking its toll.
Dry cleaners are often pressed for time.
Ducks don't have their palms read - they look for it on the web.
Due to inclement weather, the sandwich shop wrapped up early Tuesday night.
During a tennis match one player gave the other a backhanded compliment.
During branding cowboys have sore calves.
During his lifetime, the composer Bach was a noted success.
During the meeting about earthquakes, there were several motions.
Dutch shoes used to be made in a factory machine, until it got clogged up.
Early nuclear experimenters discovered an element of surprise.
Early stone tools had many problems that were eventually ironed out.
Eating too many snacks when studying for a test is called cramming.
Edison thought it would be an illuminating experience.
Elephants will toil all day, and they work for peanuts.
Employers like their mechanics to be geared up.
Endorsement by an olympic swimmer caused a company's profits to dive.
Erasable pens were a good idea on paper.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Even the best bird dog is only good to a point.
Even though Catholics in space are weightless, do they have mass?
Even though the well was a mystery to her, she didn't want to get to the bottom of it.
Everyday is a gift from god, that is why it is called the present
Everyone's fuming over the high cost of gas.
Eve showed up one morning wearing flowers instead of a fig leaf. She was the first woman to wear bloomers.
Eve taught us it’s okay to take a little ribbing
Faraday was charged up with the idea.
Figure skaters don't like to be in a rut.
Finding area is an integral part of calculus.
Firefighters can rescue you, but only Jesus saves.
Five brothers wanted to buy a horse, so they all had to pony up.
Food for bad dogs is bought by the pound.
For a chemist disappointed in an experiment the reaction was on his face.
For a chronically absent employee : It seemed her career was just taking off.
For a dishonest employee : He's an unbelievable worker.
For a fish, the end of a barbed hook is the ''point'' of no return.
For a long time, black holes were a dark secret.
For a while, Houdini used a lot of trap doors in his act, but he was just going through a stage.
For class schedules Yoga instructors are flexible.
For every 45 I collected, I would write down the song and the artist so I could keep records.
For fast relief take two tablets. The ten commandments
For greeting card companies their fate is in the cards.
For insomnia move to the edge of the bed and you'll soon drop off.
For the office drunk : He generally found him loaded with work to do.
For the orthodontist visit, the boy had to brace himself.
Freud could barely repress his excitement.
Galois wanted to assemble his own group.
Gardeners like to plant their feet firmly.
Gardeners like to spring into action.
Gauss was asked to attend because of his magnetic personality.
Geology class is the foundation of a decent education.
Getting rid of your boat for another could cause a whole raft of problems.
Getting this job managing a country estate has put me off fried eggs. I'm a gamekeeper turned poacher.
Glue inventors have to stick to it.
Go away, you snake!  Tom rattled off.
Golfers hate cake because they might get a slice.
Good police officers never miss a beat.
Graveyard workers really dig their jobs.
Gravity, it's always putting everyone down.
Grills are a hot item.
Gunpowder was invented in a flash.
Hands in Prayer: Already Digital
Hangmen always keep their customers in the loop.
Harry and Clem the carpenters, argued mightily on how best to complete the dinette set they were working on. They finally agreed to table the discussion.
Have an optometrist run for president, because they are people of vision.
Have you ever wondered why baseball players get girlfriends? They're great at hitting it off.
Have you heard about that online origami store? It folded.
Have you heard the joke about the bomb? It had no impact.
He always called his girlfriend his 'luck'. Until he decided to push his luck.
He and his partner made knives, and they shared a cut.
Heart surgeons never bypass a good opportunity.
He auditioned for a part as a trumpet player but he blew it.
He became an astronaut and had a blast.
He became a sky diver out of the blue.
He bent over to pick up a sieve and strained himself.
He bought a donkey because he thought he might get a kick out of it.
He bought a plate with four corners so he could have a square meal.
He bought a rope factory to tie into his empire.
He bought lots of pens before starting his new job. He wanted to make his mark.
He collects mouthwash bottles, and they're all in mint condition.
He couldn't decide whether to accept a job in mattress sales so he decided to sleep on it.
He didn't want to volunteer for the rodeo but he got roped into it.
He died leaving 100 clocks. His son is winding up the estate.
He'd never gone hunting but decided to give it a shot.
He folded and straightened the money because he wanted a tidy sum.
He got a job in a factory making needles, but soon got stuck.
He got measles in jail when he broke out one night.
He had a difficult time bouncing back from his bungee cord accident.
He had to learn what the measles was, from scratch.
He had trouble in his new job making tents and got himself into a flap.
He has been a jogger for three years running.
He hates his job selling used cars, but it's just his lot in life.
He lit the arrow head because he wanted to fire it.
Hell! I thought I’d gotten away with it!
Hell! I thought it didn't matter what you believed as long as you were sincere!
Hell’s the pits
Hell!  . . . I’d forgotten about that!
He made a slow start in the sport of weightlifting but he picked it up eventually.
Henry perfected the Ford down to a T.
He put bug spray on his watch to get rid of the ticks.
He put so many blanks in his document that he started to feel spaced out.
Her decision to take up rock climbing was precipitous to say the least.
He realized he'd made the major leagues when it finally hit him.
He recommended the restaurant to me, and said he had no reservations.
Here is how the track meet is going to run...
''Here's your allowance for the next two weeks,'' Tom advanced.
Her exam was on the human skeleton, so she decided to bone up.
He's a good letter carrier. He always keeps you posted.
He sat in the magician's audience dressed as a cactus. He was a plant.
He shined a police officer's shoes and had a brush with the law.
He sold candy and chocolate. A lot of girls were sweet on him.
He stole an invention and then told patent lies.
He stomped on his old watch because he had time to kill.
He studied water purification and had a great thirst for knowledge.
He threw snow in his neighbor's driveway and shouted, DO YOU GET MY DRIFT?
He told me he could eat a 32 ounce steak, but I found that hard to swallow.
He took a nail to the volleyball game because he wanted to spike it.
He tried to sell me glass with imperfections in it, but I saw through it.
He wanted desperately to be a good golfer - you could say he had a driving ambition.
He was able to listen to his favorite radio show in the morning because he had an AM radio
He was a janitor in the restaurant. He did things under the table.
He was almost persuaded to invest in a poultry farm, but chickened out at the last minute.
He was a Red Cross donor until he went out of circulation.
He was a restaurant critic but had no taste.
He was facinated by his new welding job. It was riveting.
He was hit on the head during a hail storm and was knocked out cold.
He was selling palm trees, but people thought it was a shady deal.
He was the most dishonest and cleverest card shark in the city, the police said he will be dealt with.
He was trying to sell me new windows, but his motivations were transparent.
He who hogs the sheets is usually very wrapped up in himself.
He who lends to the poor gets interest from god
He worked in a chocolate factory, but always took his sweet time.
He would promise to play golf, but he didn't know how to follow through.
High on a ladder he saw a beautiful girl below. He fell for her.
Highways today are much better than they were many years ago and there are lots of concrete examples of it.
His business plan to manufacture scissors just didn't cut it.
His day job was astronomy but at night time he was moonlighting.
His model airplane hobby really took off.
His plan to manufacture pencils just didn't draw attention.
His qualifications as a math teacher didn't add up.
Hockey players are terrible chess players because they are always getting checked.
Home improvement. Take your family to church.
Honor your mother and father rather than major credit cards.
Horses eat best when they don't have a bit in their mouth.
How could I trust the ceiling fan installer when I knew he was always screwing up.
How does a card player party? They shuffle.
How do I handle change? I put it in the parking meter.
How do you find a missing train? Follow the tracks.
''How long will I have to wait for a table?'' asked Tom without reservation.
Hubble wanted to bring the idea into better focus.
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall - and a pretty good spring and summer, too.
Husbands are like fires. They go out when unattended.
I always believed my body was a prison for me. I was right, in biology I learnt they were made of cells.
I am kicking myself I did not take up karate earlier.
I bought a metronome for 20 bucks. You can't beat that price.
I can do an excellent impression of Sinatra, said Tom, being perfectly frank.
''I can take photographs if I want to!'' Tom snapped.
I can't really see myself without eyes.
I can't recall the last time I did any running, but I've been jogging my memory.
I can't remember ever getting nits as a kid, although I do have a lousy memory.
I could not pull out of my parking space, so I used my back up plan.
''I couldn't believe there were 527,986 bees in the swarm!'' Tom recounted.
I couldn't decide whether or not to make spiced apple cider, so I mulled it over.
I couldn't figure out how to fasten my seatbelt. Then it clicked.
I couldn't quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually it came back to me.
I couldn't stand to be without my legs.
I crossed a cell phone with a skunk, and now the service stinks.
I didn't have the faintest idea as to why I passed out.
I didn't know which hammer to get, but I think I nailed it.
''I didn't look at all!'' Tom peeped.
I didn't understand the math, so the teacher summed it up for me.
I do a lot of spreadsheets in the office so you can say I'm excelling at work.
''I don't work here on a regular basis,'' said Tom casually.
I'd tell you a joke about a cow but I always butcher it. 
If a clock had legs, time would run out.
If a horse could predict the weather, it would probably say that the weather is stable.
If a judge loves the sound of his own voice, expect a long sentence.
If a lawyer speaks for too long there will be an extended sentence.
If all your troubles are melting away watch out for the floods.
If an animal looses its tail it should shop at a retail store.
If a town's people have low IQs is the population dense?
I finally found a spotter at the gym, it's like a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders.
I find that movies about submarines always go down well.
''I find you guilty,'' said the judge with conviction.
I found out that at the gym, their opinion on fitness carries a lot of weight.
If pride goes before a fall, humility should arrive by that winter
If there is a hypocrite between you and the church, he is closer to god than you.
If there's one person you don't want to interrupt in the middle of a sentence it's a judge.
If they ever have a contest for the best looking mannequin, there will be stiff competition.
If towels could tell jokes they would probably have a dry sense of humor.
If word processing a presentation about guns -- be sure to know how to use bullets.
If you are what you eat, I'm staying away from the nuts!
If you break a string on your guitar don't Fret.
If you breathe heavily on the map, it will reveal topography,' he said, with a sigh of relief.
If you burn the candle on both ends, you’re not as bright as you think.
If you don't know how to choose music ask a guitarist - they know how to pick.
If you don't pay your exorcist you get repossessed.
If you do research in optics you will have to do some light reading.
If you get sick at the airport it could be a terminal illness.
If you give some managers an inch they think they're a ruler.
If you go for a job interview at a rubber stamp company try to make a good impression.
If you have need of a locksmith he will be your key man.
If you have to pay to go to the river, we'd better stop at the bank.
If you invite an insomniac to your pajama party they will be up for it.
If you jump to conclusions, you make terrible landings.
If you leave alphabet soup on the stove and go out, it could spell disaster.
If you miss a class at beauty school you'll need a makeup session.
If you operate a drill press you have a boring job.
If you're a gardener you might call yourself a 'plant manager'.
If you’re looking for a sign from god, this is it.
If you're looking for oranges on an apple tree you will have a fruitless search.
If you run through a screen door you'll strain yourself.
If your waiting for something to turn up, try your sleeves.
If you send a letter to the Philippines put it in a Manila envelope.
If you sight a whale, it could be a fluke.
If you sing while playing baseball, you won't get a good pitch.
If you tell a falsehood just after waking up you are lying in bed.
If you think guests really enjoy your home movies, you are probably projecting.
If you walk along a railroad track you may soon feel run down.
If you want a metal dog leash go to a chain store.
If you wear a blindfold at the shooting range, you won't know what you're missing.
If you work in a forestry company you will probably have to log your time.
If you work in a tire factory you have to get rolling every morning.
I gave in when my wife hounded me about getting a puppy.
I got a deal on a new computer, and they threw in the operating system to boot.
I got a great bargain the other day when I bought a forklift for half-price. It's amazing what you can pick up these days.
I got angry when my cell phone battery died. My counselor suggested I find an outlet.
I got a small ticket for speeding. It's fine with me.
I had an appointment with the chiropractor, but I backed out.
I had some back trouble, but it's all behind me now.
I hate it when motorcyclists hog the road.
''I have to check the score on this exam again,'' Tom remarked.
I hear the Sylvester Stallone Film Festival got off to a rocky start.
''I invested in a hi-tech startup,'' Tom ventured.
''I just came in through the door,'' said Tom, entranced.
I just finished reading Newton's Principia Mathematica, and found much of it to be rather derivative.
I just got back from a statistical probability conference. It was average.
I kept failing to get a job as a butcher because I couldn't just make the cut.
I knew a woman who owned a taser, man was she stunning!
I know a rancher who has 100 head of cattle, but he thought there were only 99 until he rounded them up.
I know road rage is an awful thing but when someone bumped my car I just couldn't help it. I got out my camera and snapped at the offender.
I like elevators they let me say jokes on every level.
I like marching songs, in any month.
''I like modern painting,'' said Tom abstractly.
''I like ragged margins,'' said Tom without justification.
I'll corroborate that again, Tom reproved.
I'll glue the sheets of wood back together, Tom replied.
Illusionists always find themselves in tricky situations.
''I love hot dogs,'' said Tom with relish.
I love to eat eggs at the crack of dawn.
I made a batch of fish eye soup, it should see me through the week.
I made a really cheesy pun about quesadillas the other day.
I majored in nursing but I had to drop it because I ran out of milk.
''I make the armour out of chain links,'' Tom replied by mail.
I'm a sap for tree jokes.
I'm blind enough to look at the situation in the wrong fashion, so I changed my clothes.
''I'm burning aromatic substances,'' said Tom, incensed.
I'm buying a birthday present for a sculptor. Can you chip in?
I'm drawn to art.
I'm dying, Tom croaked.
I met a girl at an internet cafe, but we didn't click.
I met a math professor who has 12 children - she really knows how to multiply.
I met this guy who said he loved children, then I found out he was on parole for it.
I'm going to be discussing global warming next week, it's quite a heated topic.
I'm going to the guillotine at dawn and my wife has already collected my severance pay.
I might study something at a university that someone once told me about - there is a degree of ambiguity there.
I'm taking this ship back into harbor, Tom reported.
I'm very picky about my hair, so a strange barber just won't cut it.
I nailed my wood-shop test.
In an office: Would the person who took the step ladder yesterday kindly bring it back or further steps will be taken.
In a recession, the most secure job is garbage-man. Business is always picking up.
In certain sexual harassment cases things can get kind of touchy.
I needed a raise in my allowance. Mowing the grass all summer just wasn't cutting it.
In equations with square numbers I can never find the root of the problem.
I never have understood how you're supposed to hit anything with a bat.....it keeps flying away.
I never understood why people liked to play soft ball. It's a very underhanded thing to do.
In high school I recall having a beautiful but difficult math teacher. She was easy on the eyes and hard on the pupils!
In Ireland you're more likely to get a Pat answer.
In medical school he worried about passing as a surgeon, but he made the cut.
I noticed that the sun was out, and nobody had bothered to relight it.
In parking lots, arguments often start from scratch.
Installing a fan can be a breeze.
In the air duct installers union they have lots of opportunity to vent.
In the army mess hall, the men were getting fed up.
In the office she was frantically looking for her false nails only to discover she had filed them away.
In the old days a suspended sentence was hanging.
In the room the curtains were drawn, but the rest of the furniture was real.
Inventors have their own devices.
I once had insomnia so bad I was awake until it dawned on me.
I once knew a guy who had fish and chips every day for a year. His stomach took a battering.
I really do have a photographic memory -- I just haven't developed it yet.
Iron was discovered because someone smelt it.
Is coffee your daily grind?
Is there a best month of spring? There May be.
I still miss my ex-husband. But my aim is improving.
I strongly dislike the subject of math, however I am partial to fractions.
I suspected our new house guest was a terrorist. He asked to sleep on a blow up mattress.
It has been discovered that sales of irons are decreasing.
I think a job as a shoe salesmen would be your best fit.
I think Santa has riverfront property in Brazil. All our presents came from Amazon this year.
I thought about studying astronomy for university but I knew I would just be taking up space.
I tinted my hair today. It was the highlight of my day.
''I told you not to ride that horse,'' Tom nagged.
I took up teaching fencing as I wanted my students to get the point.
I travel all over America, Tom stated.
I tried hard to get into vexillology, but, in the end, had to flag it away.
I tried to learn how to drive a stick shift but couldn't locate the manual.
I tried to look up impotence on the Internet but nothing came up.
I tried to pack myself in a suitcase. I could hardly contain myself.
I tried wrapping Christmas presents, but I didn't have the gift.
I try wearing tight jeans, but I can never pull it off.
It's a fact, taller people sleep longer in bed.
''It's a German song,'' Tom lied.
''It's an actual parameter, not a formal parameter,'' was Tom's argument.
It seems like it's always Patsy's fault.
It's hard for a depressed turtle to get out of his shell.
It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.
It's not the minutes spent at the table that put on weight, it's the seconds.
It's no wonder that some baseball players have lots of money - often even many of the bases are loaded.
It's OK to watch an elephant bathe as they usually have their trunks on.
It's quiet in a bowling alley because you can hear a pin drop.
It's true that the earth rotates, but scientists are always putting their own spin on it.
''It's twelve noon,'' Tom chimed in.
It was a lucky car. Until he had to push his luck.
It was a sad day for the rattlesnake family, the time had come for the children to strike out on their own.
It was the first time she'd seen a live sponge on display, and she really soaked it in.
I used to be a banker but I lost interest
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
I used to be afraid of purchasing residential property for the purpose of renting, but now I have an apartment complex.
I used to hate maths but then I realised decimals have a point.
I used to have a fear of hurdles, but I got over it.
I used to work in a blanket factory but it folded.
I usually take steps to avoid elevators.
I've always pictured myself taking selfies.
I've been to the dentist several times so I know the drill.
I've got to fix the automobile, said Tom mechanically.
''I've got to stop this motor,'' Tom choked.
I've never killed a deer before but I'll take a shot at it.
I've never taken an elevator to the basement floor, that's just beneath me.
I've never tipped a cow. Then again, one has never served me food.
I've passed the exam this time, Tom remarked.
I've planted part of a riding whip. I'm hoping for a nice crop.
''I've run out of wool,'' said Tom, knitting his brow.
I've spotted more blackbirds than you have, Tom crowed. 
I've struck oil! Tom gushed.
I walked past a gang of youths yesterday and one of them threw a piece of cheese at me, which hit me on the back of the head. I turned round and shouted, ''That's not very mature!''
''I want a motorized bicycle,'' Tom moped.
I wanted to be a sonar technician, but it was out of my depth.
I wanted to bring a penguin home but my parents said that wasn't going to fly.
I wanted to do some research on anorexia, so I went to the library to get the skinny.
I wanted to exercise last night but it just didn't work out.
I wanted to have dinner at a native American themed restaurant, but I didn't have reservations.
I wanted to join my local rambling club, but the guy I spoke to on the phone just went on and on.
I wanted to lose weight so I went to the paint store. I heard I could get thinner there.
I wanted to make suits but I could never measure up.
I was against the construction of tennis courts in the park as I thought they would cause too much racket.
I was arrested after my therapist suggested I take something for my kleptomania.
I was fired from my job selling amplifiers. I didn't achieve the sufficient volume of sales.
I was going to buy a book on phobias, but I was afraid it wouldn't help me.
I was going to buy some loose tea, but the price was too steep.
I was going to order a satellite dish but then I found out that I had to go through channels.
I was heading to Hooters but my wife said 'Don't bother, they have gone bust'.
I was in a big hurry so I scrambled to make eggs for breakfast.
I was looking for watch batteries but I wound up at a clock shop.
I was struggling to figure out how lightning works then it struck me.
I watched a movie about a baby hen, it was a real chick flick.
I went to a buffet dinner with my neighbor, who is a taxidermist. After such a big meal, I was stuffed.
I went to an invisible fairground but didn't think it was very good. I just couldn't see the attraction.
I went to buy some property with a hill on it, but it was a little steep.
I went to the dentist without lunch, and he gave me a plate.
I went to the store to buy some soup but they were out of stock.
I went to the theatre, it looked a bit suspicious. I reckon the whole thing was staged.
''I will now demonstrate how to dissect a sheep,'' delivered Tom.
I wondered why my geometry class was always tired. They were all out of shape.
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
''I won't buy a circuit breaker,'' Tom refused.
I wrote a novel about a fellow who had a small garden. It didn't have much of a plot.
Jenny was sure she was going to Heaven but she wouldn't harp on it.
Jesus changes grave situations. Happy Easter.
Jesus did the only extreme world makeover, the flood
Joe refused to eat sushi because it looks fishy.
John Hancock didn't retire, he just resigned.
Jumping to conclusions is bad exercise
Junior loved being a member of the wrestling team even though he was prone to lose.
Just after thimbles were invented there was a shortage, so many people got stuck without one.
Just because pews come in rows doesn’t mean we should plant ourselves there
Labor Day is a good time to stop and reflect on the august events the the preceding month.
Last week I was diagnosed with insomnia, and now I'm just so tired of it.
Lawyers have to like alcohol because they're always being called to the bar.
Leonardo Da Vinci could use a paint brush to make a stroke of genius.
Librarians are always going by the book.
Life after death for evil doers has always been a hot topic.
Life’s a ledger, are we giving a good accounting of ourselves
Lightning storms can be very striking.
Love can be a touchy subject.
Low carb diets really go against the grain.
Luggage salespeople have to make a good case for you to buy.
Lumber companies have many board meetings.
Lumberjacks have to keep problem logs.
Madame: ''Now remember, girls, when handling royalty the important thing is to keep up your dukes!''
Making gloves is a real hands-on experience.
Males who wonder why they should have a prostate exam usually get it in the end.
Many people need to learn to be happy with the State they are in.
Marconi was not wired up about going.
Marriage is hard but divorce usually goes off without a hitch.
Martians welcome. We have space for everyone.
Massage therapists need a touch of style.
Math class is full of drama. There are so many problems to work out.
Math teachers have lots of problems.
Meet me at the clothes line. That's where I hang out!
Midwives don't like to wear breeches.
Missionaries like open hooded cars because they are convertible.
Molecules boiling points vary to some degree.
Morticians make you feel dead gorgeous.
Most males in a men's room are stand-up guys.
Musical composers can use lots of Note paper.
Musical mechanics always sing in parts.
Musicians need a leader because they don't know how to conduct themselves.
My advanced geometry class is full of squares.
My boyfriend and I started to date after he backed his car into mine. We met by accident.
My buddy asked me to look after his pet goose while he was away. I told him I wasn't down with that.
My cavity wasn't fixed by my regular dentist, but by a guy who was filling in.
My coach got stung by a bee. The next day he had hives.
My comb is invaluable - I can't part with it.
My daughter's studying natural medicine and I'm rooting for her.
My dentist seems distracted, I think he was brushing me off.
My dog has a lot of potential, you just have to unleash it.
My father's father wanted to know if he could stay with the company in spite of the many changes. They ended up grandfathering him in.
My father slept under the bed, I think he was a little potty.
My fear of planes has taken off. 
My friend asked me to carve a sculpture out of a large rock. It was the hardest thing I've ever had to make!
My friend came around for dinner. We ate for 20 minutes, then he fainted again.
My friend lives by a cliff he's always telling me to drop over.
My friends and I played a game of football on a pile of quarry rock - we lost on aggregate.
My friend's bakery burned down last night. Now his business is toast.
My friend was fired from his job at the road department for stealing. I have to say I saw it coming. The last time I was at his house all the signs were there.
My job as head chef at a top rated restaurant is in jeopardy because my latest culinary creation was called a recipe for disaster.
My mailman should be a comedian, his delivery is perfect!
My mate swallowed a cordless vacuum cleaner, they took him to hospital and he is picking up nicely.
My mom ran out of poultry seasoning so she winged it.
My name is Art, I'm a museum curator.
My name is Bet. I'm a coupier.
My name is Bill. I run a collection agency
My name is Brandy. The bartender.
My name is Brooks. I'm an irrrigation consultant
My name is Bud. I'm in flowers.
My name is Candy. I'm a confectioner.
My name is Carol. I sing during the holidays.
My name is Charity, a televangelist
My name is Chuck, I'm a butcher.
My name is Clay. I make pottery.
My name is Cliff. I'm a mountaineer.
My name is Cookie, I'm a baker.
My name is Dean A college chancellor
My name is Dick. I'm a plain-clothes policeman.
My name is Dusty, I run a cleaning service.
My name is Emmy, I'm a T.V. star
My name is Faith. I'm a minister.
My name is Frank, the Hot-Dog vendor
My name is Gene, I'm a DNA researcher.
My name is Grant, I am a loan officer.
My name is Guy. I install antennas.
My name is Ham. I raise pigs
My name is Herb. I'm a cook.
My name is Holly, I'm a holiday decorator
My name is Ira. I'm an investment advisor.
My name is Iris. I'm an optometrist
My name is Joe, an espresso vender
My name is John. I'm a plumber
My name is Josh. I'm a talk show host
My name is Leo. A lion trainer.
My name is Lute. I'm a musician.
My name is Mark. I price items at the supermarket.
My name is Marshall. I'm a peace officier.
My name is Melody. A Musician
My name is Mike. I'm an announcer
My name is Nick. I was a barber but I'm looking for a new job.
My name is Oscar, and I'm a movie star.
My name is Pat. I am a masseur
My name is Ray. I'm a roentgenologist.
My name is Rich, A successful investment banker.
My name is Rob. I'm a thief.
My name is Rusty, I'm an iron worker.
My name is Rusty. I undercoat cars.
My name is Sandy, I just hang around the beach.
My name is Sandy. I'm a lifeguard.
My name is Sherry. I'm a wine-master.
My name is Sherry. I work in a vineyard.
My name is Sly. I'm a detective.
My name is Sue. I'm also a lawyer.
My name is Teddy, I'm in lingerie
My name is Victor, and I'm a winner in everything I do.
My name is Wade and I'm in swimming pool maintenance.
My name is Will, I'm a lawyer.
My name is Woody. A Forester
My new expensive vacuum cleaner really sucked.
My new girlfriend and I are moving together into a tree house, I hope we won't fall out.
My new theory on inertia doesn't seem to be gaining momentum.
''My parents are called Billy and Nanny,'' Tom kidded.
My skiing skills are really going downhill.
My son wanted a scooter. When I told him they are too dangerous, he moped around the house.
My student was late for class, claiming he was in the washroom. I think he was stalling.
My stuffing was bad, so I got some sage advice.
My word is final! Tom dictated to his secretary.
Neil Simon's only unsuccessful play: Chapter 11.
Never invest in funerals, it's a dying industry.
Never lie to an x-ray technician. They can see right through you.
News of a coming flood was leaked.
Nobel got a big bang out of it.
No bungee cords, but we encourage leaps of faith.
No one chills out in the fires of hell.
Noteworthy musicians are very composed.
Notice in a field: The farmer allows walkers to cross the field for free, but the bull charges.
Occasionally, I hear an assertion followed by a hasty qualification, such as, ''Jim graduated in 1995 -- if memory serves.'' I'll respond: '... or only stands and waits.''
Officer Jones takes his yearly bath every June. He is a characteristic example of a dirty cop.
Ohm resisted the idea at first.
Oh what a tangled web we weave. On the Internet.
Oil executives are always using crude language.
OLD ACADEMICIANS never die, they just lose their faculties
Old accountants never die, they just lose their balance.
OLD ACTUARIES never die they just get broken down by age and sex.
OLD AIR CONDITIONER REPAIRMEN never die, they just lose their cool.
OLD ALCOHOLICS never die, they just lose their spirit.
Old artists never die, they just put things in perspective.
OLD AUDITORS never die, they just lose their figures.
OLD AUTO MECHANICS never die, they just become exhausted.
OLD AUTO MECHANICS never die, they just retire.
Old bakers never die, they just keep making lots of dough.
OLD BAKERS never die, they just stop making lots of dough.
OLD BANKERS never die they just lose interest.
OLD BASEBALLS never die they just get pitched.
OLD BASKETBALL PLAYERS never die they just go on dribbling.
OLD BEEKEEPERS never die they just buzz off.
OLD BLASTING TECHNICIANS never die, they just lose their spark.
OLD BOOKKEEPERS never die they just lose their figures.
OLD BOOTLEGGERS never die, they just keep still.
OLD BOTANISTS never die, they're just deflowered.
OLD BOWLERS never die they just end up in the gutter.
OLD BOXERS never die, they just punch out
OLD BREAD MEN never die, they just lose their dough.
OLD BUNGEE JUMPERS sometimes die but they can still bounce back
Old burglars never die they just steal away.
OLD BUS DRIVERS never die, they just take a turn for the worse.
OLD BUTCHERS never die, they just get disjointed.
OLD CARDIOLOGISTS never die, they are just repulsed..
OLD CARDIOLOGISTS never die, they just lose heart.
OLD CARD PLAYERS never die, they just fold.
OLD CARD PLAYERS never die, they just shuffle off.
Old carpenters never die, they just lumber around.
OLD CARTOONISTS never die, they just draw their last breath.
OLD CASHIERS never die, they just change.
OLD CASHIERS never die they just check out.
OLD CHAUFFEURS never die they just lose their drive.
OLD CHEMISTS never die, they just fail to react.
OLD CHEMISTS never die, they just stop reacting.
Old colanders never die, they just can't take the strain anymore.
OLD CONTORTIONISTS never die, they just meet their end.
OLD COUPON CLIPPERS never die, they just expire.
OLD COURIERS never die, they just keep on expressing it!
OLD COWBOYS never die, they just get the boot.
OLD CREDIT CARD USERS never die, they just expire.
OLD CRICKETERS never die, they just get bowled over.
OLD DEANS never die they just lose their faculties.
OLD DENTISTS never die, they just lose their pull.
OLD DIVERS never die, they just flop.
OLD DOOR FRAMERS never die, they just become unhinged.
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die, they just can't make connections
Old electricians never die, they just get discharged.
Old electricians never die, they just keep plugging away.
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die they just lose contact.
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die, they just lose their potential.
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die, they just lose their resistance.
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die, they just lose their spark.
OLD ESKIMOS never die, they just go cold.
OLD EXORCISTS never die, they just get repossessed.
OLD FARMERS never die, they just turn into vegetables.
OLD FIREFIGHTERS never die they just go to blazes.
OLD FLORISTS never die, they just make alternative arrangements.
OLD FORESTERS never die, they just pine away.
OLD FORGERS never die, they just leave no trace.
OLD FROGS never die, but they do croak.
OLD GAMBLERS never die, they just get discarded.
OLD GANGSTERS never die, they just go to the underworld..
OLD GARAGEMEN never die, they just retire
OLD GARDENERS never die they are just deflowered.
OLD GARDENERS never die, they just get uprooted.
Old gardeners never die they just vegetate.
OLD GEOGRAPHERS never die, they just become legends .
OLD GEOLOGISTS never die, they just have their faults
OLD GEOMETRY TEACHERS never die, they just go off on a tangent.
OLD GOLFERS never die, they just lose their drive.
OLD GOLFERS never die they just putter away.
OLD GRAVEDIGGERS never die, they just get buried in their work
OLD GROCERS never die, they just get shelved.
OLD GUITARISTS never die, they just become unstrung.
OLD GUITARISTS never die, they just fret their lives away
OLD GUNS never die they just get loaded.
OLD HACKERS never die, they just go to bits
OLD HELICOPTER PILOTS never die, they just lose their choppers.
OLD HIKERS never die they just get the boot.
OLD HIKERS never die, they just trail away.
OLD HIPPIES never die, they just take a trip.
OLD HOCKEY PLAYERS never die, they just achieve their final goal.
OLD HOOKERS never die, they just get laid off.
OLD HOUSEWIVES never die, they just wash away.
OLD HUMAN CANNONBALLS never die they just get fired.
OLD INTERPRETERS (for the deaf) never die, they just sign off.
OLD INVESTORS never die they just roll over.
OLD JANITORS never die they just get swept up.
OLD JUDGES never die, they just cease to try
OLD JUDGES never die, they just slur their sentences
OLD KENTUCKY FRIED CHICKEN FRANCHISERS never die, they just chicken out.
OLD KEY PUNCH OPERATORS never die they just punch out.
OLD LANDSCAPERS never die, they just get weeded out.
OLD LAUNDRY WORKERS never die, they just are decreased.
OLD LAWYERS never die they just lose their judgment.
OLD LIBRARIANS never die, they just check out.
OLD LIBRARIANS never die, they just lose their circulation.
OLD LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEERS,never die, they just get derailed
OLD LOGICIANS never die, they just vacate the premises.
Old lumberjacks never die, they just pine away.
OLD LUMBERJACKS never die, they just split.
OLD MAGICIANS never die they just disappear.
OLD MATHEMATICIANS never die, they just go off on a tangent
OLD MATHEMATICIANS never die, they just lose some functions.
OLD MATH PROFESSORS never die, they just use strange expressions.
Old math profs never die, they just can't differentiate.
Old math profs never die -- they just use strange expressions.
Old math teachers never die, they just become irrational.
OLD MECHANICS never die they just retire
OLD MEDIUMS never die, they just lose their spirits.
OLD METEOROLOGISTS never die, they just get under the weather.
OLD MINERS never die, they just lose their veins.
OLD MOONSHINERS never die, they just keep still.
OLD MUFFLERS never die they just get exhausted.
OLD MUSICIANS never die they just get played out.
OLD NEWSPAPER PUBLISHERS never die, they just lose their circulation.
OLD NITPICKERS never die, they just feel lousy.
OLD NUMBER THEORISTS never die, they just get past their prime.
OLD ORGANISTS never die, they just come to a stop.
OLD PAINTERS never die they just get plastered.
OLD PHILOSOPHERS never die, they just retire to their own premises.
OLD PHOTOGRAPHERS never die, they just lose their focus.
OLD PHOTOGRAPHERS never die they just stop developing.
Old photographers never die, they're just out of the picture for a while.
OLD PICKPOCKETS never die, they just steal away.
OLD PILOTS never die, they just buzz off.
OLD PILOTS never die, they just get more turbulent.
OLD PILOTS never die they just go to a higher plane.
OLD PILOTS never die they just take off.
OLD PINEAPPLE GROWERS never die, they just get on the dole.
OLD PLAGIARISTS never die, they just steal away.
OLD PLANETS never die, they just lose their attraction.
OLD PLUMBERS never die, they just pipe down.
OLD POKER PLAYERS never die, they are just discarded.
OLD POLICEMEN never die they just cop out.
OLD PRESIDENTS never die, they just go through their cabinets
Old presidents never die they just keep going through their cabinets.
OLD PRINCIPALS never die they just lose their faculties.
OLD PRINTERS never die they're just not the type
OLD PROCTOLOGISTS never die, they just butt out.
OLD PROCTOLOGISTS never die, they just face the end.
OLD PROFESSORS never die, they just lose their class.
OLD PROGRAMMERS never die, they just get bugged with life.
OLD PROGRAMMERS never die they just go to bits.
OLD PROGRAMMERS never die, they just move to new addresses.
OLD PSYCHIATRISTS never die, they just shrink away.
OLD PYROMANIACS never die, they just lose their spark
Old quarterbacks never die, they just pass away.
OLD QUILTERS never die, they just go under cover.
OLD RABBIS never die, they just get grey around the temples.
OLD RAILROADERS never die, they just derail.
OLD SALESMEN never die, they just go out of commission.
OLD SANITATION MEN never die, they just waste away
Old school principals never die, they just lose their faculties.
OLD SCULPTORS never die they just lose their marbles.
OLD SEAMSTRESSES never die, they just come to the point.
OLD SEERS never die they just lose their vision.
OLD SEWAGE WORKERS never die they just waste away.
OLD SHEET ROCKERS (dry wallers) never die, they just hang around.
OLD SHOEMAKERS never die, they are just given the boot.
OLD SHOE SHINE BOYS never die, they are just rebuffed..
OLD SKIERS never die, but they go downhill fast.
OLD SOCCER PLAYERS never die, they just achieve their final goal.
OLD SOCCER PLAYERS never die, they just go on dribbling.
OLD SOCCER PLAYERS never die, they just lose their kick.
OLD STATISTICIANS never die, they just average out.
OLD STATISTICIANS never die, they just get broken down by age, sex and marital status.
OLD STATISTICIANS never die, they just get mean.
OLD STATUES never die they just get busted.
OLD SWIMMERS never die, they just have a stroke.
OLD TANNERS never die they just go into hiding.
OLD TEACHERS never die they just lose their class.
OLD TELEPHONE OPERATORS never die, they just become disconnected.
OLD TRAIN ENGINEERS never die, they just get derailed.
OLD TREE SURGEONS never die, they are just uprooted.
OLD TREE SURGEONS never die, they just pine away.
OLD TRIGONOMETRY TEACHERS never die, they just lose their identities.
OLD TROMBONISTS never die, they just slide away...
OLD TYPISTS never die, they just lose their justification.
OLD TYPISTS never die, they just lose their touch.
OLD UNIVERSITY PRESIDENTS never die, they just lose their faculties
OLD UPHOLSTERERS never die, they just recover..
OLD VACUUM CLEANER SALESMEN never die, they just get sucked in!
OLD VIOLINISTS never die, they just become unstrung.
OLD WASHING MACHINE OPERATORS never die, they just keep agitating.
OLD WATCHMAKERS never die, they just unwind.
OLD WATCHMAKERS never die, they just wind down.
OLD WHEELS never die they just get retired.
OLD WOOL COATS never die, they just become mothballed.
OLD WRESTLERS never die they just lose their grip.
OLD WRITERS never die, they just get erased.
OLD YACHTSMEN never die, they just keel over.
On being served an extravagant dessert: ''So rich, it has its own tax shelters.''
Once ice cream was invented the problem was licked.
One evening King Arthur's men discovered Sir Lancelot's moonshine whiskey operation and shattered the still of the knight.
One grasshopper told another about eating corn. It went in one ear and out the other.
One leftover said to another 'foiled again.'
One night a banking tycoon fell overboard from his yacht. He was saved because he could float a loan.
One of the joys of being a lightweight is that commuting by wind is a breeze!
One of these new shoes isn't right.
One palm tree said to another 'let's have a date.'
On TV it's a maze of channels, luckily he had a guide.
Opening a new funeral parlor can be quite an undertaking.
Our bikinis are exciting. They are simply the tops.
Our Boy Scouts' knot-tying class went off without a hitch.
Our country's olympic swimming program has quite a talent pool.
Overheard in med school - 'I learned about the colon through the process of elimination.'
Packing up and relocating to a new home can be a moving experience.
Pasteur was boiling about not being invited.
Patients usually feel better after receiving hand transplants.
Pavlov was drooling at the thought.
Pencils could be made with erasers at both ends, but what would be the point?
Pencil sharpeners have a tough life - they live off tips.
People in medieval days were always hanging out by the gallows.
People in the desert have dry humor.
People who eat their apples stem and seed and all improve their core values.
People who like yogurt are well cultured.
People who make motor oil are very refined.
People who make necklaces may get beady eyes.
People who work at a mint make a lot of money.
''Perhaps I will,'' said Tom with all his might.
Peter went overboard for the lord, why can’t we.
Pharmacists find their work to be very encapsulating.
Photographers are often very candid people.
Piano players know what bar they are in.
Pick your friends, but not to pieces
Pills with long names can be quite a mouthful.
Pipe fitters often have high pressure jobs.
Plenty of people give the lord credit. Few give him cash.
Plumbers often have to tap their natural abilities.
Police can do a search if it's Warranted.
Politicians get onto the merry-go-round and then put a spin on it.
Pompous male bees are often known to drone on about themselves.
Poor blood circulation runs through the family.
Power corrupts, especially at the electric company.
''Pretend we were in the days before railways,'' Tom coached.
Priests can't marry without prior approval.
Prison walls are never built to scale.
Professional rock climbers, the only people paid to get high.
Q: River Ravi flows in which state? A: Liquid.
Rabbits like their beer brewed with a lot of hops.
Real estate agents believe in doing good deeds.
Reassembling the skeletons of prehistoric mammals can be a mammoth undertaking.
Rental agents offer quarters for dollars.
Retired teachers are classless.
Roentgen was radiating.
Salespeople selling security equipment like to see people get alarmed.
Satan can’t bring you down any farther than your knees.
Save the whales, spouted Tom. 
Saw makers losing money have to make lots of cuts.
Scientists allow us to see the sun in a different light.
Scientists have created a flea from scratch.
Sea captains have a lot of latitude.
Seafood operations start out on a small scale.
Securities are the cause of many people's insecurities.
Semaphore was flagged away as a form of communication decades ago.
Set your drink on a skateboard, they make good coasters.
She always paints night scenes. Other artists pale by comparison.
She became a telephone operator because it was her calling.
She got fired from the hot dog stand for putting her hair in a bun.
She had a boyfriend with a wooden leg, but broke it off.
She had two different jobs as a chef which gave her a full plate.
She memorized just what kind of locket she wanted, by heart.
Shepherds sometimes have staff meetings.
She played baseball and so did he. They hit it off.
She's a composer who has scores of works to her credit.
She started a new courier business for an express purpose.
She swallowed a peach seed and could feel it in the pit of her stomach.
She told a long story about a coil of rope, and then left us all hanging.
She told me the drink was non-alcoholic, but where was the proof?
She wanted to be a weaver but there were always too many snags.
She was always calling for her twins, ''on the double.''
She was only a Blacksmith's daughter, but she knew how to forge ahead.
She was only a Bookbinder's daughter, but she knew her way between the sheets.
She was only a Bootleggers daughter, but I loved her still.
She was only a Bottlemaker's daughter, but nothing could stop her.
She was only a Bricklayer's daughter, but she was certainly stacked.
She was only a Catcher's daughter, but she had many balls bounce off her chin.
She was only a Cattleman's daughter, but she couldn't keep her calves together.
She was only a Conductor's daughter, but she told you where to get off.
She was only a Convict's daughter, but she sure knew all of the bars.
She was only a Dairyman's daughter, but what a calf
She was only a Dentist's daughter, but everybody wanted to fill her cavity.
She was only a Doctor's daughter, but she really knew how to operate.
She was only a Electrician's daughter, and she made house calls to remove her customers' shorts.
She was only a Electrician's daughter, but she certainly had good connections.
She was only a Electrician's daughter, but she went haywire.
She was only a Elevator operator's daughter, and she loved to go down.
She was only a Farmer's daughter, but she knew hundreds of ways to fertilize.
She was only a Fireman's daughter, but she's really going to blazes.
She was only a Flag-waver's daughter, but she'd let her standards down for anyone.
She was only a Fruit vender's daughter, but, oh, what a peach.
She was only a Fruit vendor's daughter, but, my, she had big melons.
She was only a Gardener's daughter, but she knows all the rakes.
She was only a Globetrotter's daughter, but she manages to get around.
She was only a Governor's daughter, but what a state she was in.
She was only a Insurance broker's daughter, but all the guys liked her policy.
She was only a Janitor's daughter, and she was often swept off her feet.
She was only a Junkie's daughter but her crack was the best in town.
She was only a Librarian's daughter, but she was checked out from cover to cover.
She was only a Lighthouse keeper's daughter, but she never went out at night
She was only a Magistrates daughter, but she knew what to do on the bench.
She was only a Moonshiner's daughter, but I love her still.
She was only a Musician's daughter, but she knew all the bars in town.
She was only an Apple-grower's daughter but the men said she was delicious.
She was only an Archer's daughter, but to all the men she was the target.
She was only an Artist's daughter, but what a crowd she could draw.
She was only an Attorney's daughter, but what a will to break.
She was only a Photographer's daughter, but she was really developed.
She was only a Pitcher's daughter, but you should have seen her curves.
She was only a Porchclimber's daughter, but you should see her stoop
She was only a Rancher's daughter, but she couldn't keep her calves together.
She was only a Real estate agent''s daughter, but she gave a lot away.
She was only a Swimmer's daughter, but she knew every dive in town..
She was only a Telephone operator's daughter, but she sure had good connections.
She was only a Vacuum salesman's daughter, but she knew how to suck!
She was only a Waitress's daughter but she sure could dish it out.
She was only a Watchman's daughter, but any time suited her.
She was only a Weatherman''s daughter, but she sure had a warm front.
She was only a whisky maker but he loved her still.
She was only a Wrestler's daughter, but you oughtta see her box..
She was suspected of stealing a brooch but they couldn't pin it on her.
Show me a baker who is on a roll and I'll show you someone sitting on a bun.
Sign at a deer crossing: The Buck Stops Here.
Sign in an electrician's shop: 'We will refuse you.'
Sign on a music store window: 'Come in and pick out a drum -- then beat it!'
Sign on an electrician's truck: Let us remove your shorts.
Since Bruce got too close to the big blade at the saw mill he is no longer feeling chipper.
Since I've taken the job in The Everglades I've been swamped!
Sin enough and you will become dead to it.
Skipping school to bungee jump will get you suspended.
Sky divers don't jump, they just fall away.
Smaller babies may be delivered by stork but the heavier ones need a crane.
Small people are in short supply.
So, how's the flower business going? Oh, it's blossoming quite nicely.
Some burglars are always looking for windows of opportunity.
Some business graphs are full of legend.
Some cardiologists are heartless.
Some clockmakers are normal, but others are a little cuckoo.
Some commands given by the army are specific, others are General.
Some diets cause a gut reaction.
Some food for thought is only baloney
Some jokes get dated, other jokes get married.
Someone who robs shoe stores is an arch criminal.
Someone who sells old chess pieces is a pawn broker.
Some people find fire drills quite Alarming.
Some people go into martial arts just for kicks.
Some people like raw meat on rare occasions.
Some people really enjoy blowing air out of their lungs - I'm not a fan myself.
Some people still think that writing long stories is a novel idea.
Some people take beautiful pictures and cut them into pieces. That's a puzzle to me.
Some people with a lot of vision started the Blind Institute.
Some shoe sales have a good selection to boot.
Sometimes a pencil sharpener is needed in order to make a good point.
Sometimes our Outlook in Life is sent but not received.
Soon after he joined the band, the guitarist was instrumental.
Sports are refereed by people of many stripes.
Stamp out excessive postage prices.
Stealing someone's coffee is called 'mugging'.
Stereo speakers are made by 'high volume' manufacturers.
Stolen eggs are poached.
Students who accent their textbooks with color markers add a real highlight to their day.
Studying fungus is a way to mold young minds.
Success comes in cans, failure comes in cant’s
Suicide at sea is definitely going overboard.
Superglue! Tom rejoined.
Sure I can climb cliffs! Tom bluffed. 
Surfing is a swell sport!
Swimmers have to be careful not to get into deep trouble.
Swimming instructors are always getting immersed in their work.
Tailors enjoy hanging out in internet fora, as they are full of threads.
Taxidermists really know their stuff.
Teacher: In this box, I have a 10-foot snake. Sammy: You can't fool me, Teacher ... snakes don't have feet.
Tennis players don't marry because Love means Nothing to them.
That new mystery novel has a killer start to it.
That really nice fellow works in a clothing factory sewing zippers on jeans. That is good. He wouldn't hurt a fly.
That's a cool chair. Yeah, I know, it rocks.
That's the seventh dip, Namaan said cleanly.
That's the third time my teacher changed my grade, Tom remarked.
The agreeable tennis umpire was generous to a fault.
The airlines have become so cash-strapped, they charged me for my emotional baggage.
The All-Pro wide receiver's wedding was a little bit shaky, but his reception was excellent.
The Alpine Skiing competition started poorly and went downhill from there.
The aluminum foiled my plans.
The artist was great.  He could always draw a crowd.
The astronauts said their experience on the moon was out of this world.
The astronomer became an actor because he always wanted to visit the stars.
The athlete colored her hair and started a winning streak.
The bargain store promised a free abacus with every purchase, but I wouldn't count on it.
The baseball pitcher's retirement was at the end of a wonderful ERA.
The best place for a mathematician is behind a counter.
The best way to stop a charging bull is to take away his credit card.
The Biomedical Engineer didn't have the heart to check the EKG machine.
The boxer's girlfriend was a knockout.
The boy had never played basketball before so he decided to give it a shot.
The boy's guitar teacher helped him pick up his skills.
The boy swallowed a pillow, the hospital described his condition as comfortable.
The boy who got electrocuted was unable to give a statement because he was still shocked at the incident.
The builders of raceways believe that one good turn deserves another.
The building inspector said whoever installed the water pipes was plumb loco.
The butcher backed up into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work.
The calculus teacher tried to keep his students on task, but the class discussion kept going off on tangents.
The cannibal passed his brother in the woods.
The carpenter was well-known for nailing his work.
The car stopped with a jerk, then the jerk got out.
The case against a donut thief was full of holes.
The cat took up computer lessons in hopes of mastering its grip on a mouse.
The coffee tasted like mud because it was ground a couple of minutes ago.
The color of the sun in the early morning: rose.
The comedian stopped at the fabric store on his way to a comedy gig. He was looking for new material.
The correct formula for concrete is worthwhile to cement in your mind.
The cosmetic student was sick on the day of the final exam. Now she has to take a Make Up exam.
The cost of the space program is astronomical.
The couple grew fruit trees and lived to a ripe old age.
The dairy farmer while milking his cow strained his calf in the process.
The dance club opened to rave reviews.
The date of the marathon was changed. She took it in stride.
The decision to begin construction on the Empire State Building was a groundbreaking historical event.
The defendant in a coffee theft trial refused to testify on the grounds that could incriminate him.
The dentist's alibi was full of holes, so the police performed a cavity search.
The dentist's favourite shopping centre was 'The Gap'.
The dermatologist was an avid gardener but he had a problem with moles.
The designer wondered why his pirate room wasn't perfect, and the judge told him he went a little overboard.
The doctor couldn't transfer the organs because he didn't have the guts to do it.
The duck said to the bartender, 'put it on my bill.'
The duke and the count had a fight. The duke was down for the count.
The earless defendant waived his hearing.
The earliest mention of cars is in the Bible when Adam and Eve were driven out of the Garden of Eden.
The Easter story is not a dead issue.
The electrician got his supplies at the outlet store.
The environmentalist rode his bike 20 miles in the morning and 20 more in the evening. He loved recycling.
The exhibitionist went to the store because he heard they were having a flash sale.
The failure of the third largest manufacturer of baby's toys was enough to rattle the entire industry.
The family elders have relative importance.
The farmer decided to get a cow, and milk the idea for all it was worth.
The fault line had a splitting headache.
The fence builders were upset with their working conditions, so the started to picket.
The fertiliser business is a growing industry.
The fire chief was always asked burning questions.
The first duck wouldn't go in the water. The other duck said ''What are you, chicken?''.
The first fish to gather in schools was the grouper.
The first guy to mass produce candies made a mint.
The first time he put the horses on the carriage it went without a hitch.
The first time I got hold of a hang glider I had to wing it.
The fish missed the call because he was stuck on the other line.
The forecaster was away because he was under the weather.
The frog went unnoticed in the milkshake because it blended so well.
The general started bowling before his aide had entered his name on the score sheet. He had launched a pre-emptive strike.
The golfer guessed that his ball landed 20 feet off the fairway. Of course, that was just a rough estimate.
The gravity was so powerful, I couldn't stand it.
The groundskeeper at a large cemetery was important because he had 5000 people under him.
The guitarist passed out on stage, he must have rocked himself to sleep.
The gunman took a shot at new opportunities.
The guy who sold his carnival got a Fair deal.
The hardest thing for a person to keep is his opinion
The harm caused by sibling rivalry is relative.
The hostage said he couldn't stay on the phone long because he was tied up at the moment.
The hot dog vendor answered, with a tone quite frank.
The hotel chef was noted for his tomfoolery and his capers.
The hypnotist went out of business because he ran out of suggestions.
The ice at the rink has many ruts. I think the maintenance crew is slipping up.
The incontinent Scotsman had a wee accident.
The inept mathematician couldn't count on his friends.
The intelligent entrepreneur's idea for designing catapults meant that his boss was completely thrown.
The invention of a shirt fastener after the button was a snap.
The inventor of a hay baling machine made a bundle.
The inventor of glass decided to see it through.
The inventor of sandpaper had a rough time of it.
The inventor of shag carpet made a big pile.
The inventor of the fahrenheit scale solved the problem by degrees.
The inventor of the stove top was in his element.
The janitor's union called for sweeping reforms.
The journalist went to Greece to see the ancient ruins and is now writing several columns about them.
The landscaper thought gardening magazines were fun to leaf through.
The lawyer asked a loaded question about guns.
The lumber company downsized. They got rid of the deadwood.
The man addicted to brake fluid said he could stop any time.
The man brought an umbrella with him into the ice cream store because he heard there was a chance of sprinkles.
The man found something to catch fish, which was a net gain.
The manufacturers of dynamite do a booming business.
The man who fell into an upholstery machine is fully recovered.
The man who impulsively got a cat despite his allergies later realized that it was a rash decision.
The man who worked at the watch factory was very funny. He stood about all day making faces.
The man who worked in the gum factory fell in a vat of bubblegum. His boss had to chew him out.
The massage which came with the spa treatment was a nice touch.
The mathematician worked at home because he only functioned in his domain.
The math professor liked even numbers, but only the odd one.
The math professor went crazy with the blackboard. He did a number on it.
The meat truck took a long time to deliver because of the Jerky ride.
The melody kept on playing until it became a strain.
The members of the oldest profession are not really lost women; they are just mislaid.
The model who joined the air force was a bombshell.
The mortician was late for dinner because he was buried in his work.
The most popular operation for orthopaedic surgeons is upper-leg surgery: very hip.
The mother kangaroo tried to instill good financial habits in her baby. She told him to pocket all his allowance.
The movie about the mobile home was advertised with a trailer.
The musician in jail was anxiously awaiting his next release.
The newspaper doesn't put in Politics what is Classified.
Then there was the occasion I spotted a health-oriented cafe displaying a sign reading  ''California Shakes.'' Obviously, I thought.
The oil well driller had a boring job.
The one thing that is constant is Change especially if you are a cashier.
The only similarity between ancient times and the 1970's is that both were full of people getting stoned.
The orange squeezer was invented with some juicy information.
The organizational get together for a company football team was called a kickoff meeting.
The other day I saw a magician walk down the street and turn into a drugstore.
The owner of the hair salon had to make cuts on his staff.
The painter was hospitalized due to too many strokes.
The parsley farmer couldn't pay his child support, so the courts garnished his wages.
The passenger couldn't find where his next flight was, but then he made the connection.
The personal trainer quit his job because it wasn't working out.
The phone call interrupted my nap, and I never did get the rest.
The photograph that I took of the sandstorm turned out grainy.
The place that made rubber balls almost went bankrupt, but they bounced back.
The play on fishing had quite a cast.
The plot to his story of the pond was quite shallow.
The plumber had to quit his job because it was too much of a drain.
The plums for sale dried out, so the profits were pruned.
The police auction was a complete bust.
The politician is not one for Indian food. But he's good at currying favors.
The pope, on his 2008 tour in the United States, skipped Mass.
The portrait artist made extra money as a census taker. He was good at canvasing people.
The president of a ladder manufacturer had to step down.
The price of the big fan blew me away.
The prospector didn't think his career would pan out.
The psychiatrist told the genie his emotions were all bottled up.
The queen told the prince that he was a royal pain.
The rabbi became a professional golfer because he was good at making the cut.
The race dogs got a bad case of the fleas - they had to be scratched.
The racers all had shorts on that were too small for them, so it was a tight race.
The railway constructions are on track.
There is a growing body of obesity research.
There is only one way to open the door and that is the key.
There is rarely a sale on beer because the demand is always high so there's no need to create a buzz.
There's a new magnetic steam iron that makes your clothes attractive.
There’s no high like the most high.
''There's room for one more,'' Tom admitted.
''There, there,'' was Tom's pat answer.
There was a contest on a slippery rock slope. I won in a landslide.
There was a guy who was fired from the orange juice factory for lack of concentration.
There was a massive outcry against the plan to build a power line across a nature preserve. The public couldn't bear the tension.
There was an eye doctor who wanted to re-locate but couldn't find a job because he didn't have enough contacts.
There was a report of shots fired in a local bar. The police don't know what triggered the commotion.
There was a sale at the fish market today. I went to see what was the catch.
There was a sign on the lawn at a drug re-hab center that said 'Keep off the Grass'.
There was once a cross-eyed teacher who couldn't control his pupils.
The river crested when a factory spilled toothpaste into it.
The rodent catcher was always trying to weasel his way out of work.
The roulette dealer had a unique personality. He had a different spin on everything.
The royal pharmacist wore a tuxedo and dispensed with formalities.
The runaway beer truck barrelled down the freeway after its driver was mugged.
The safe was invented by a cop and a robber. It was quite a combination.
The science teachers broke up because there was no chemistry between them.
The scorpion said to the desert, 'You know, our conversations are always so dry.'
The seed company turfed out my idea for ready made lawn.
The sergeant drank whiskey in order to be fortified in his position.
The star asked the sun why the moon was always up so late. Sun responded that it was just a phase.
The state funeral remains to be seen.
The state police highway officer worked tirelessly in the heavy rain to assist a lady whose car was stuck in a ditch. He was a real trooper.
The stock market crashes, but Viagra beats the flop.
The surest steps to happiness are the steps to church.
The surgeon really did not know how to perform quick surgeries on insects, but he did one on the fly.
The teacher asked a question and the students were all up in arms.
The thief had a bold plan. He figured he could carry it off.
The thought of having no alternative to soap never washed with the inventor of shower gel.
The tongue weighs very little, but few people can hold it.
The trampoline was on sale for fifty per cent off. Needless to say I jumped on the offer.
The Transformer always had a lot of quarters with him. He was a big fan of change.
The trapeze artist had to buy his own safety equipment. Every Friday he drew his net wages.
The trumpeter blew it while auditioning for the symphony.
The two bowlers bore a striking resemblance.
The two guys caught drinking battery acid will soon be charged.
The two inventors of the radio were on the same wavelength.
The untruthful deli clerk was full of baloney.
The unveiling of the statue was a monumental occasion.
The valuable dog was still missing, believed stolen, however the police announced they have a lead.
The Vikings landed during thunder and lightning and took the city by storm.
The waiter was shocked when I asked for my salad to be served naked. I explained, no dressing please.
The warden gave the inmates acne medicine hoping it would keep them from breaking out.
The weather bureau is an umbrella organization.
The weatherman who forecasted snow in July was a bit of a flake.
The weigh-in at the Sumo wrestling tournament was a large scale effort.
They argued about their vacation and finally stayed at the last resort.
They bought a home on a cliff because they liked to live on the edge.
They built a tree house together but then had a falling out.
They called him the king of the dentists because he specialized in crowns.
They call me Pops. I sell soft drinks.
They hid from the gunman in a sauna where they could sweat it out.
They replaced the baseball with an orange to add zest to the game.
They said he drank 2 bottles of whisky a day, but it wasn't true. He had to scotch those rumours right away.
they stand best who kneel most
They threw a party for the inventor of the toaster. And he was toasted.
Thieves who steal corn from a garden could be charged with stalking.
This is a picture of my new house, said Tom, visibly moved.
This is the best guy I've met to date.
This is where I keep my arrows, said Tom, quivering.
''This movie will be very popular,'' Tom projected.
''This must be an aerobics class,'' Tom worked out.
''This wind is awful,'' blustered Tom.
Those who build roofs are so inclined.
Those who choose not to eat, slowly get hungry -- and Fast.
Those who get up at sunrise have many ideas dawn on them.
Those who iron clothes have a lot of pressing demands.
Those who like sport fishing can really get hooked.
Those who make balls of wool for a living like to come home and unwind.
Those who make magnets can be quite attractive.
Those who make sinks often feel washed out.
Those who make sponges get very absorbed in their work.
Those who play musical instruments for radio or TV have to stay tuned.
Those who polish cars so that they shine work in a buffer zone.
Those who want to paint polka-dots have to find a good spot.
Those who work on reducing auto emissions go home exhausted.
Those with scissors shouldn't use cutting words.
Those working in tissue research and testing are always blowing it.
Three fingers were willing to cooperate but the thumb and forefinger were opposed.
Tires are fixed for a flat rate.
Tires cost 100 bucks a pop.
To a person who is attentive to minutiae: ''You're certainly observant, even if you're not religious.''
To be a mountain climber one needs to be in peak condition.
To be a successful frequent flier you need a lot of connections.
To become an electrician you have to pass a battery of tests.
To draw cartoons for a living requires someone who is very animated.
To golf at your favorite course may require a long drive.
To many girls the word 'marriage' has a nice ring to it.
Tom was so tired, he lied about his bed.
Tony attempted to join his thin crust pizza company with Zimo's Thick Crust Pizza, but somehow it didn't pan out.
To plan a graveyard you need a skeleton idea before a detailed plan.
To save money for the company he cut all the electricity. They were soon in the black.
To some - marriage is a word ... to others - a sentence.
To teach someone how to build a compass you have to be good at giving directions.
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.
Trophy shops often will give customers floss with their purchase to eliminate plaque problems.
Trust your calculator. It's something to count on.
Two airline pilots in a stand-up comedy did a takeoff.
Two astronauts who were dating put an end to it because they both needed their space.
Two banks with different rates have a conflict of interest.
Two blackberries met. They were both in a jam.
Two brothers collaborated on haunted stories, but one was a ghost writer.
Two clock makers argued and got ticked off.
Two companies that made shoelaces had common ties.
Two companies that manufactured rulers decided to align.
Two cooks disagreed but decided to hash it over.
Two cooks had a contest and the heat was on.
Two duchesses were arguing about their husbands. They decided to duke it out.
Two florists got married. It was an arranged marriage.
Two friends took ropes to school so that they could skip out.
Two geologists were staring at a huge fissure in a cliff face and one was overheard to say 'It's not my fault'.
Two mathematicians arguing about even numbers were at odds.
Two monocles were making love in front of a window and made spectacles of themselves.
Two pencils decided to have a race. The outcome was a draw.
Two podiatrists became arch rivals.
Two referees went head to head because they had a score to settle.
Two silk worms had a race. They ended up in a tie.
Two surgeons were joking about sutures and had each other in stitches.
Underpaid weather forecasters predicted a storm of protest.
Undertakers' Motto - Trust us. We are the very last ones to put you down.
Upon discovering her children playing with matches their mother was flaming mad.
''Use your own toothbrush!'' Tom bristled.
Using deodorant is no sweat.
VanDeGraaf charged his assistant to attend.
Vertical living is flat dwelling.
Vines are extremely short-tempered. They snap at the slightest wind.
Vinyl records are really groovy.
Violinists are often fiddling around.
Volta was electrified.
Waiter, I'll have my bill now. - How did you find your steak, sir? - Oh, I just moved the potato and there it was.
Waiter, my bill please. - How did you find your luncheon, sir? - With a magnifying glass.
Waiters are good at multiplication because they know their tables.
Waiter, there are pennies in my soup! ''Well, sir, you said you'd stop eating here if there wasn't some change in the food.''*
Waiter, there's a fly in my soup! ''At our restaurant, we guarantee You won't find a single fly.'' ''Whaddya mean?'' ''Because they're all married.''
''Waiter, there's a fly in my soup!'' ''Force of habit, sir, the chef used to be a tailor.
Waiter, there's a fly in my soup! ''I know. It gives you a nice buzz doesn't it?''
Wally wasn't sure in which branch of the Army he wanted to serve, but he gravitated toward the paratroops.
Wal-Mart Is Not the Only Saving Place. Come On In.
Wal-Mart isn't the only saving place!
Watson and Crick did the twist all night.
We are overdressed when we are wrapped up in ourselves.
Weather forecasters have to have lots of degrees.
Weather forecasters thinking is sometimes clouded.
We did it twice last night, she relayed.
We don’t read palms; we wave them.
Well drilling is a deep subject.
We'll never run out of math teachers because they always multiply.
We offer counsel so you are not audited on your final return.
We're expecting fallout from the recent layoffs at the nuclear plant.
We should make a beer commercial. It sounds simply intoxicating.
We spent all day debating about housefires. It was quite a heated argument.
We’ve got children’s church because we know how to kid around
We went to the owls convention and it was a real hoot.
We were so poor when I was growing up we couldn't even afford to pay attention.
What a charming doorway! said Tom, entranced.
What are you taking pictures of? Tom snapped.
What did the minister say to the underdressed layman? ''No shoes, no shirt, no service''
What did the skeleton have for supper? Ribs.
What did the triangle say to the circle?  You're so pointless.
What do they call all that lumber on the Star Trek's Enterprise? Captain's log.
What it boils down to is this: eggs taste good.
What's the deal with negotiations?
When a duck is feeling down he might just be happy.
When a guillotine executioner is layed off he gets severance.
When a ladder was stolen from a store the manager said that further steps would be taken.
When a letter carrier became a hero they called him a deliverer.
When ancient wall sculptors were finished it was a relief.
When a new baby comes into a family, many changes are necessary.
When a priest makes a mistake in church it's a clerical error.
When asked by a passenger how high he would get, the pilot replied,'I don't do drugs.'
When a thief stole several volumes from the library he was quickly booked.
When buying a battery you should never have to charge it.
When cannibals ate a missionary they got a taste of religion.
When cave men got together they formed clubs.
When crazy glue was invented lots of people became attached to it.
When entering a funeral home, remember to stay alert and always look alive!
Whenever I go near my bank I get withdrawal symptoms.
Whenever the nurses have a bad day they just keep needling people.
When he fell in the wet concrete he left a bad impression.
When he forgot to itemize what he wanted at the grocery store he felt quite listless.
When he found out that he would visit a real blacksmith he got all fired up.
When he kicked the invoice, it didn't mean he wanted to foot the bill.
When he proposed to her, she found it very engaging.
When he switched from horses to sailing, his life took on a new tack.
When I asked if I could get insurance if the nearby volcano erupted they assured me I would be covered.
When I asked the man how he became a ditch-digger, he said he just fell into it.
When I commented on a friend's psychedelic door he said, Don't Knock It.
When I had my PlayStation stolen, my family were there to console me.
When Irish boys carry their little brothers, they get a Pat on the back.
When it was lumpy he had a beef with his gravy.
When longshoremen show up late for work they get docked.
When neon lights were perfected the inventor was positively glowing.
When poker players have to fold they feel a bit discarded.
When potato chips don't sell fast enough, the maker knows it will soon be crunch time.
When some coins fell into the batter it turned out to be a rich cake.
When the air conditioning failed in the indoor stadium there was a fan protest.
When the artist tried to draw a cube he had a mental block.
When the baby bird penned his first novel he was just a fledgling author.
When the beautician was asked to complete her make-up work she blushed.
When the beekeeper moved into town he created quite a buzz.
When the branding iron was invented cattle were very impressed.
When the butter melted, it was rendered useless.
When the CEO dropped his brownie on the calculator, was he trying to fudge the numbers?
When the Dalmatian ran away, he was spotted two blocks from home.
When the doctor asked the editor how he was doing, he said he had a problem with his circulation.
When the electrican apprentice made mistakes, his mother grounded him.
When the human cannonball retired they couldn't find a replacement of the right caliber.
When the human cannonball was late for work he got fired.
When the investor came home from work he was spent.
When the janitor wanted to take up public speaking he always had the floor.
When the pirate captain's ship ran aground he couldn't fathom why.
When the plane hit turbulence, the passengers went flying.
When the plums dry on your tree, it's time to prune.
When there's a sale on tennis balls it's first come first serve.
When the shocked IRS agent was found guilty of tax evasion he had to take time to collect himself.
When the shoe store owner discovered that someone had broken into his store, the police pumped him for information.
When the spice ships used to bring goods to the king the captain was peppered with compliments.
When the thief fell in the wet cement and broke both legs, he became a hardened criminal.
When the tornado went through town it was quite a blow.
When the town removed billboards, they told people that's how it was designed.
When the TV repairman got married the reception was excellent.
When the wheel was invented, it caused a revolution.
When the wino suspected his muscatel was watered down, he needed more proof.
When the woman got paid for being in a study at the sleep clinic, she said it was her dream job.
When they bought a water bed, the couple started to drift apart.
When they claimed to house two thousand campers, it sounded like a lot of bunk.
When they told him that his drum couldn't be fixed, it didn't resonate very well.
When underwear fell in the vat at a beer-makers, a scandal was brewing.
When video arcades switched to a system of tokens, there was no quarter asked or given.
When Wally discovered he had Lyme disease he was really ticked off.
When William joined the army he disliked the phrase 'fire at will'.
When writing out drink recipes you have to have a first draft.
When you can't decide with your friends whose place to have a party at it's known as party politics.
When you give to god, you always get back change
When you're wearing a watch on an airplane, time flies.
Where do pancakes live? In a flat.
Where there are many chickens you can find layers of eggs.
While having a hard time water-skiing, the boy commented, 'This is such a drag.'
While the music was playing the geology teacher was rocking around.
Why are all businessmen fat? Must be all the inflation.
Why didn't the little boy ask the flight attendant for a snack? He didn't have the nuts.
Why did the agricultural presentation go so smoothly? They planted questions.
Why did the termites eat the wooden barrel? To stave off hunger.
Why do archers shoot arrows? Could it be they are trying to get a point across?
Why don't people like to talk to garbage men?  They mostly talk trash.
Why do people preserve fruits and vegetables? Because they 'can'.
Why was the car embarrassed? Because it had gas!
Why was the rabbit depressed? He was just going through a bad patch!
Wilbur Wright said he'd take a flier on it.
Winning candy as a prize is always a sweet victory.
With certain cashiers, things are slow to register.
Workers in an upholstery business demanded a wage hike to cushion the high cost of living.
Working for the IRS is a hard job because it is so taxing.
Wrestlers don't like to be put on hold.
Years ago, changing TV channels from a sitting position was a remote possibility.
You have to fill out many government forms because there are many forms of government.
You have to give credit to people who work in stores during a holiday - and many people do.
You know what happens after you miss math class? It starts adding up.
Young women who are mathematics professors closely watch their figures.
You often hear of a good wine through the grapevine.
You really are addicted to soccer, you should think of kicking the habit.
Your very last breath will be a fatal blow.
You've got more issues than Time magazine.
You won't often catch loggers or farmers going against the grain.
Being crushed by large objects can be very depressing.
1000 pairs of underwear were stolen, police were making a brief enquiry.
OLD ARCHEOLOGISTS never die, they just meet their mummies.
