50 percent of something is better than one hundred percent of nothing.
80 percent of life is showing up.
A bad settlement is better than a good lawsuit.
A bad workman blames his tools.
A bellyful is one of meat, drink, or sorrow.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
A blow with a word strikes deeper than a blow with a sword.
A book is a friend.
A broken watch is right two times a day.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
A burnt child dreads the fire.
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
A cat may look at a king.
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
A civil question deserves a civil answer.
Actions speak louder than words.
Admiration is the daughter of ignorance.
A drowning man will clutch at a straw.
Advice most needed is least heeded.
Advisers run no risks.
A fool is ever laughing.
A friend cannot be known in prosperity nor an enemy be hidden in adversity.
A friend is best found in adversity.
A golden bit does not make the horse any better.
A good beginning makes a good ending.
A good friend never offends.
A good mind possesses a kingdom.
A good name is the best of all treasures.
A good surgeon has an eagle's eye, a lion's heart, and a lady's hand.
A guilty conscience needs no accuser.
A half truth is a whole lie.
A hedge between keeps friends green.
A home is not home without mom
A lie can be halfway around the world before the truth gets its boots on.
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
A little pot is easily hot.
All are not friends who speak one fair.
All are not thieves that dogs bark at.
All cats love fish but hate to get their paws wet.
All good things must come to an end.
All is fish that comes to the net.
All is not lost that is in danger.
All roads lead to Rome.
All's well that ends well.
All that glisters is not gold.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
A man is known by the company he keeps.
A man of words and not of deeds, is like a garden full of weeds.
A man's best fortune or his worst is a wife.
A man's home is his castle.
A mans worst enemies are often those of his own house.
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.
A miss by an inch is a miss by a mile.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
An empty vessel makes much noise.
A new broome sweepeth cleane.
A nod's as good as a wink to a blind horse.
An ounce of discretion is worth a pound of wit.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
A problem shared is a problem halved.
A reconciled friend is a double enemy.
A rising tide lifts all boats.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
A rotten apple injures its companions.
A son is a son 'till he gets him a wife; a daughter's a daughter all her life.
A staff is quickly found to beat a dog.
As the old cock crows, so crows the young.
A still tongue makes a wise head.
A stitch in time saves nine.
A store is no sore.
As you make your bed, so you will sleep on it.
As you sow, so you reap.
A tongue of a fool carves a piece of his heart to all sit near him.
A true friend does sometime venture to be offensive.
Avoid evil and it will avoid thee.
Avoid the pleasure which will bite tomorrow.
A watched pot never boils.
Away goes the devil if he finds the door shut against him.
A wise man changes his mind, but a fool never does.
A woman's work is never done.
A word spoken is past recalling.
A young man married is a young man marred.
Bad is the best choice.
Barking dogs seldom bite.
Be a friend to thyself, and others will befriend thee.
Be careful what you wish for, you just might get it.
Beggars can't be choosers.
Better an egg today than a hen tomorrow.
Better bow than break.
Better go about than fall into the ditch.
Better is the enemy of good.
Better late than never.
Better safe than sorry.
Better the devil you know (than the one you don't.)
Better to be alone than in bad company.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to open your mouth and remove all doubt.
Better underdone than overdone.
Beware of Greeks bearing gifts.
Beware of the false prophets, who come to you in sheep's clothing, and inwardly are ravening wolves.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Bitter pills may have blessed effects.
Blood is thicker than water.
Bloom where you are planted.
Bought friends are not friends indeed.
Brag is a good dog, but holdfast is better.
Burn not your house to rid it of the mouse.
Business is business.
By perseverance the snail reached the arc.
Call a spade a spade.
Carrying coals to Newcastle.
Catch not at the shadow and lose the substance.
Cheaters never prosper.
Children are uncertain comforts but certain cares.
Choose a wife rather by your ear than your eye.
Cobblers children are worst shod.
Cometh the hour cometh the man.
Common fame is often to blame.
Confidence begets confidence.
Confidence is the companion of success.
Constant dropping wears away the stone.
Counsel is no command.
Courage lost, all lost.
Cross the stream where it is shallowest.
Crows will not pick out crows eyes.
Curiosity killed the cat.
Deal gently with the bird you mean to catch.
Deeds are fruits, words are but leaves.
Deep calls to deep.
Desperate diseases must have desperate remedies.
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
Diligent youth makes easy age.
Discretion is the better part of valor.
Dogs wags their tails, not as much to you as to your bread.
Do not add oil to the fire.
Do not think that one enemy is insignificant, or that a thousand friends are too many.
Don't bark if you can't bite.
Don't bite off more than you can chew.
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
Don't burn the candle at both ends.
Don't change horses in midstream.
Don't count your chickens before they're hatched.
Don't cross a bridge before you come to it.
Don't cut off your nose to spite your face.
Don't fall before you're pushed.
Don't go between the tree and the bark.
Don't have too many irons in the fire.
Don't judge a book by its cover.
Don't judge a man until you have walked a mile in his boots.
Don't kill the goose that lays the golden eggs.
Don't let the perfect become the enemy of the good.
Don't make a mountain out of a molehill.
Don't make clothes for a not yet born baby.
Don't make the same mistake twice.
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
Don't put the cart before the horse.
Don't run behind success run behind perfection and success will come behind you.
Don't talk the talk if you can't walk the walk.
Don't throw the baby out with the bathwater.
Don't try to reinvent the wheel.
Don't wash your dirty linen in public.
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
Drumming is not the way to catch a hare.
Dwarf on a giant's shoulder sees farther of the two.
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Eat your own dog food.
Eavesdroppers hear no good of themselves.
Eggs and oaths are soon broken.
Empty vessels make the most sound.
Enjoy the present day, trusting little to what tomorrow may bring.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Every fool is pleased with his own folly.
Every little helps.
Every man has his price.
Every man thinks his own geese swans.
Everyone's business is no one's business.
Everyone talks about the weather, but nobody does anything about it.
Every rose has its thorn.
Everything is worth its price.
Evil begets evil.
Example is better than correction.
Failure is the stepping stone for success.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
Fair play's a jewel.
False friends are worse than open enemies.
Fear not the loss of the bell more than the loss of the steeple.
Fear the man of one book.
Fight fire with fire.
Fine feathers make fine birds.
Fine words butter no parsnips.
Fire, quoth the fox, when he pissed on the ice.
First come, first served.
First deserve, then desire.
First things first.
Follow glory and it will flee, flee glory and it will follow thee.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Footprints on the sands of time are not made by sitting down.
Forewarned, forearmed.
Forgive and forget.
For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evil.
Fortune favors the brave.
For want of a nail the shoe is lost, for want of a shoe the horse is lost, for want of a horse the rider is lost.
Fretting cares make grey hairs.
From those to whom much is given, much is expected.
Garbage in, garbage out.
Give a dog a bad name and hang him.
Give a dog a bad name and he'll live up to it.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
Give and take is fair play.
Give, and ye shall receive.
Give credit where credit is due.
Give him an inch and he'll take a yard.
Give neither salt nor counsel till you are asked for it.
Give the devil his due.
God cures and the physician takes the fee.
God is on the side of the strongest batallions.
God never closes one door without opening another.
God works in mysterious ways.
Good blood always shows itself.
Good clothes open all doors.
Good eating deserves good drinking.
Good fences make good neighbors.
Good laws have sprung from bad customs.
Good men are hard to find.
Good riding at two anchors, men have told, for if the one fails, the other may hold.
Good swimmers are often drowned.
Good wine needs no bush.
Goose, gander and gosling are three sounds but one thing.
Go with the flow.
Grasp all, lose all.
Great events cast their shadows before them.
Great minds agree.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Half a loaf is better than no bread.
Hard words break no bones.
Haste makes waste.
Hasty judgment leads to repentance.
Health is wealth.
He complains wrongfully at the sea that suffer shipwreck twice.
He gives twice who gives in a trice.
He had need rise early who would please everybody.
He is my friend that succoreth me, not he that pitieth me.
He is my friend who grinds at my mill.
He laughs best who laughs last.
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.
He's an ill cook that cannot lick his own fingers.
He that can have patience can have what he will.
He that hath a head of wax must not walk in the sun.
He that sows the wind shall reap the whirlwind.
He that stays in the valley will not get over the hill.
He that steals an egg will steal an ox.
He that swells in prosperity will shrink in adversity.
He that waits on another man's trencher, makes many a late dinner.
He that will not when he may, when he will he may have nay.
He that will thrive must first ask his wife.
He that would eat the kernel must crack the nut.
He that would hang his dog gives out first that he is mad.
He who does not advance goes backwards.
He who hesitates is lost.
He who is not with me is against me.
Hindsight is always twenty-twenty.
History repeats itself.
Home is where the heart is.
Home sweet home.
Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.
Idle hands are the devil's playthings.
If a job is worth doing, it is worth doing well.
If anything can go wrong, it will.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
If fortune favours, beware of being exalted; if fortune thunders, beware of being overwhelmed.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If it looks like a duck, swims like a duck, and quacks like a duck, then it probably is a duck.
If it's too good to be true, then it probably is.
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
If the shoe fits, wear it.
If wishes were fishes, we'd all cast nets.
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
If you buy cheaply, you pay dearly.
If you buy quality, you only cry once.
If you can't beat them, join them.
If you can't be good, be careful.
If you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen.
If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.
If you got it, flaunt it.
If you have no enemies it is a sign that fortune has forgotten you.
If you lie down with dogs, you'll get up with fleas.
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don't, they never were.
If you make yourself into a doormat, people will wipe their feet on you.
If you're in a hole, stop digging.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem.
If you snooze you lose.
If you sup with the devil, use a long spoon.
If you trust before you try, you may repent before you die.
If you want a thing done right, do it yourself.
If you want enemies excel others, if you want friends let others excel you.
Ignorance is bliss.
I'll hear it from the horse's mouth.
Imagination comes before Creation.
In for a penny in for a pound.
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over, expecting different results.
In the house of the hanged man, mention not the rope.
In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Iron sharpens iron.
It ain't over till it's over.
It ain't over till the fat lady sings.
It is an ill bird that fouls its own nest.
It is better to die on one's feet than live on one's knees.
It is not what you say, it is the way you say it.
It is not wise to open old wounds.
It is the early bird that gets the worm.
It's a cracked pitcher that goes longest to the well.
It's a good horse that never stumbles.
It's a long lane that has no turning.
It's better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
It's easier to ask forgiveness than permission.
It's easy to be wise after the event.
It's never too late to mend.
It's no use crying over spilt milk.
It takes all sorts of people to make a world.
It takes a village to raise a child.
It takes two to make a quarrel.
It takes two to tango.
Joan is as good as my lady in the dark.
Joy shared, joy doubled: sorrow shared, sorrow halved.
Justice delayed is justice denied.
Justice pleaseth few in their own house.
Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open.
Keep your own counsel.
Kill your darlings.
Kindness, like grain, increases by sowing.
Knowledge is power.
Know thyself.
Laugh and the world laughs with you, cry and you cry alone.
Laws catch flies, but lets hornets go free.
Lead by example.
Learning is the eye of the mind.
Learn to walk before you run.
Least said, soonest mended.
Less is more.
Life imitates art.
Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.
Life is what you make of it.
Life's battle don't always go to the stronger or faster man, but sooner or later the man who wins is the one who thinks he can.
Lightning never strikes twice in the same place.
Like cures like. 
Like father, like son.
Little by little and bit by bit.
Little strokes fell great oaks.
Live and let live.
Live by the sword, die by the sword.
Long absent, soon forgotten.
Look after the pennies and the pounds will look after themselves.
Look before you leap.
Look on the sunny side of life.
Loose lips sink ships.
Lose nothing for want of asking.
Love is blind.
Love is like war, Easy to start, Hard to end, Impossible to forget.
Love is not finding someone to live with; it's finding someone whom you can't live without.
Love laughs at locksmiths.
Love me, love my dog.
Make haste slowly.
Make the best of a bad bargain.
Manners maketh the man.
Many a mickle makes a muckle.
Many a true word is spoken in jest.
Many hands make light work.
Many things are lost for want of asking.
Many words will not fill a bushel.
Marry in haste, and repent at leisure.
Measure twice, cut once.
Men leap over where the hedge is lower.
Men talk only to conceal the mind.
Mind your own business.
Mind your P's and Q's.
Misery loves company.
Misfortunes never come singly.
Missing the wood for the trees.
Money makes the mare go.
Money talks.
Monkey see, monkey do.
More haste, less speed.
Much bran and little meal.
Much is expected where much is given.
Nature is beyond all teaching.
Nature never did betray the heart that loved her.
Nature, time, and patience are three great physicians.
Ne'er cast a clout till May be out.
Never ask pardon before you are accused.
Never lie to your doctor.
Never lie to your lawyer.
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
Never put off till tomorrow what can be done today.
Never say die.
Never say never.
No book was so bad, but some good might be got out of it.
No longer foster, no longer friend.
No man can serve two masters.
No man is an island.
No man is born into this world, whose work is not born with him.
No man is indispensable.
None but the brave deserve the fair.
No need of words, trust deeds.
No news is good news.
No one knows where the shoe pinches, but he who wears it.
No pain, no gain.
Nothing for nothing.
Nothing succeeds like success.
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
Of two evils choose the least.
Old habits die hard.
Old is Gold, but never sold.
Once a drunkard always a drunkard.
Once a thief always a thief.
One good turn deserves another.
One might as well be hanged for a sheep as a lamb.
One rotten apple will spoil the whole barrel.
One scabbed sheep mars the whole flock.
One secret of success is to know how to deny yourself and other people.
One swallow does not make a summer.
Only the good die young.
Our friends are our mirrors and show us ourselves.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.
Out of sight... Out of mind.
Out of small acorns grow mighty oaks.
Paddle your own canoe.
Penny wise, pound foolish.
People only throw stones at trees with fruit on them.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
Plough deep while sluggards sleep, and you will have corn to sell and keep.
Poets are born, but orators are trained.
Politeness costs nothing and gains everything.
Politics makes strange bedfellows.
Poverty is the reward of idleness.
Power tends to corrupt; absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Practice makes perfect.
Practice what you preach.
Praise the day at sunset.
Precepts teach, examples move.
Prevention is better than cure.
Pride comes before the fall.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
Proffer'd service stinks. 
Proverbs run in pairs.
Punishment is lame but it comes.
Put a beggar on horseback and he'll ride it to death.
Put your money where your mouth is.
Quick at meat, quick at work.
Rats desert a sinking ship.
Reality is not only stranger than we imagine, it is stranger than we can imagine.
Reason does not come before years.
Reckless youth makes rueful age.
Repetition is the mother of memory.
Revenge is a dish best served cold.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
Rules were meant to be broken.
Second thoughts are the best.
Seek and ye shall find.
Seek water in the sea.
Set a herring to catch a whale.
Set a thief to catch a thief.
Shame take him that shame thinketh.
Shit or get off the pot.
Slow and steady wins the race.
Smile, and the world smiles with you; cry, and you cry alone.
Some days you get the bear, other days the bear gets you.
Someone who gossips to you will gossip about you.
Sow thin, shear thin.
Spare the rod, spoil the child.
Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me.
Still water runs deep.
Stolen fruit is the sweetest. 
Strike while the iron is hot.
Success is a journey not a destination.
Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
Take all things as they come and be content.
Take care of number one.
Take care of the pennies and the pounds will take care of themselves.
Take the will for the deed.
Take things as you find them.
Talk of the devil and he's sure to appear.
That government is best which governs least.
The apple never falls far from the tree.
The best defence is a good offence.
The best goods are cheapest in the end.
The best is cheapest.
The best place for criticism is in front of your mirror.
The best things come in small packages.
The best things in life are free.
The boughs that bear most hang lowest.
The child is father to the man and to the woman.
The cobbler's wife is the worst shod.
The customer is always right.
The dogs bark but the caravan passes on.
The door swings both ways.
The enemy of my enemy, is my friend.
The exception proves the rule.
The eye looks but it is the mind that sees.
The first chapter of fools is to think themselves wise.
The first step to health is to know that we are sick.
The good is the enemy of the best.
The grass is always greener on the other side.
The heart sees farther than the head.
The ignorant always adore what they cannot understand.
The last will be first, and the first last.
The longest mile is the last mile home.
The more the merrier.
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
The more you stroke the cat's tail, the more he raises his back.
The nail that sticks up will be hammered down.
The only free cheese is in the mouse trap.
The only stupid question is the one that is not asked.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
There are as good fish in the sea as ever were caught.
There are none so blind as they who do not want to see.
There are sins of omission as well as of commission.
There is danger in delay.
There is luck in odd numbers.
There is no greater torment than to be alone in paradise.
There is no little enemy.
There is no royal road to learning.
There is no smoke without fire.
There is nothing more precious than time and nothing more prodigally wasted.
There is nothing new under the sun.
There is no time like the present.
There is no tree but bears some fruit.
The remedy is worse than the disease.
There's many a slip 'twixt cup and lip.
There's more than one way to skin a cat.
There's no fool like an old fool.
There's no peace for the wicked.
There's no place like home.
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
The show must go on.
The spirit is willing but the flesh is weak.
The squeaky wheel gets the grease.
The truth shall set you free, or The truth will set you free.
The voice of the people is the voice of god.
The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.
The wish is father to the thought.
The wolf finds a reason for taking the lamb.
The world is your oyster.
The worth of a thing is what it will bring.
The younger brother the better gentleman.
They who would be young when they are old must be old when they are young.
Think before you speak.
This, too, shall pass.
Though thou hast ever so many counsellors, yet do not forsake the counsel of thy own soul.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Time flies.
Time flies when you're having fun.
Time is money.
Time is precious.
Time will tell.
Tit for tat.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Tomorrow is another day.
Tread on a worm and it will turn.
Truth gives a short answer, lies go round about.
Truth is stranger than fiction.
Truth may be blamed, but it shall never be shamed.
Truth seeks no corners.
Truth will out.
Two heads are better than one.
Two is a company; three is a crowd.
Two things prolong your life: A quiet heart and a loving wife.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
Use it or lose it.
Variety is the spice of life.
Virtue which parleys is near a surrender.
Wade not in unknown waters.
Walk softly, carry a big stick.
War is too important to be left to the generals.
Waste not, want not.
Wealth rarely brings happiness.
We carry our greatest enemies within us.
We have nothing to fear but fear itself.
Well begun is half done.
"Well done" is better than "well said".
We must take the bad with the good.
We should not expect to find old heads on young shoulders.
What a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive.
What everybody says must be true.
Whatever you do, act wisely, and consider the end.
What goes around comes around.
What goes up must come down.
What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
What you see is what you get.
What you sow is what you reap.
When in doubt, do nothing.
When in doubt, leave it out.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
When one door closes, another door opens.
When the cat is away, the mice will play.
When the head is sick, the whole body is sick.
When the pig is proffered, hold up the poke.
When thy friend asks, let there be no to-morrow.
Where God has a church the devil will have his chapel.
Where ignorance is bliss, 'tis folly to be wise.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
Where there's muck there's brass.
Where vice goes before, vengeance follows after.
While the grass grows the steed starves.
Who digs a trap for others ends up in it himself.
Who falls short in the head must be long in the heels.
Who has not served cannot command.
Who lives by hope will die of hunger.
Whom God will destroy, he first make mad.
Willful waste makes woeful want.
Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.
Wise men learn by other men's harms, fools by their own.
With friends like that, who needs enemies?
Without temptation there is no victory.
You always find something in the last place you look.
You can catch more flies with a drop of honey than with a barrel of vinegar.
You can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink.
You can't have an omelette unless you break the egg.
You can't have your cake and eat it too.
You can't milk a bull.
You can't see the wood for the trees.
You don't get nothing for nothing.
You don't shit where you eat.
You get what you pay for.
You know the tree by its fruit.
You must not run after two hares at the same time.
You never know what you can do until you try.
Zeal without knowledge is a runaway horse.
