Showing the top 25 most incorrectly labelled arguments for ling: 
No. times underrated; no.times overrated; argument text
	 0 -5 It can be either way, but I think being fatherless is better than having a lousy father because sometimes they get on your nerve and they make you do things you don't wanna do. But hey that's the way fathers' are. You still have other peoples to look up to even though your dad is not around. I'm used to being alone with my mom without my dad there because he passed away when I was six. So, I really don't have a favorite side. 

	 3 -2 No. I wouldn't be able to turn them in. If you truly love someone you would do anything to help them. Especially if it was an accident. Though, if he killed some one just because he felt like killing somone it may be a little different, because I wouldnt want him to go nuts and kill me too. 

	 3 -2 I volunteer at Irving Cares, and when I do I feel so great that I can help the community. To me when I help advance the common good I am helping myself. When people do something for the good of others it helps them out in the long run. Whether it is a favor in return or anything else. In a personal pursuit you are just helping yourself. If we all just helped ourselves where would our world be? We all depend on others for help at some point. This world should be about others, not just me. 

	 3 -2 Both endeavors are better to be part of.But I as an individual I would like to advance the common good in this society to become unpetty with each other,to do things way better than they use to.Everyone in this world knows what they want to be. To be alone pursuing their dreams without the help of others, but some other will help the community to make it safe and better.To teach them what they are capable of,to beleive in themselfs that they can do as the things wealthy people does. 

	 4 -1 You lost me--- 99% of what you say speaks IN FAVOR of evolution and AGAINST creationism --- At most you point out that science doesn't have all the answers (no scientist would try to counter you on that one) and that there may easily be halfway point between faith/science where evolution and creationism can co-exist (a great many liberal theologians and even agnostics would have no real problem with that idea) 

	 6 -3 What does legalizing drugs have to do with saving lives? Keeping abortion legal will help save lives by eliminating the need to have to illegaly abort a child and kill themselves at the same time. 

	 5 0 Actually, we are evolving. Look this one up; every generation our small toe is becoming increasingly smaller. Eventually, we'll end up losing it. I know it's a small, simple, seemingly useless appendage and who really cares about it, but it is evolution at work. 

	 3 -2 Very Very bad!! Though I Know im going to miss the days to wear a uniform!! So When IN a student I hate wearing uniforms And When Im a college student I MISS wearing their Uniform!!:d 

	 10 0 When there young and trying to find them selves there is no need to get rid of there independence. I vote bad 

	 8 0 Well me personally I think advancement of the common good is better. I don't really know how to back this up, I just know its the way i feel about the topic. I guess because I'm not a selfish person at all when it comes to anything. I believe in sharing and helping others out. So if there's something i have to sacrifice personally for the advance of the common good, 9 times out of 10 I'm going to do it. 

	 7 -3 First of all, gays have the fundamental right of equal happiness. Second of all, they are still part of society. Third of all, the government would have a better image if we allow the third gender to have the equal right of marriage. Also, it only proves that racism, sexism and hatred is non existent. 

	 17 0 sabrejimmy, I have not tried to prove ANYTHING. All i asked was for YOU to prove that we are not evolving. Not once did i say that we are still evolving. I have not made any such assertions. So until you can show that we are not evolving with credible evidence, you are just avoiding something you cannot answer. So i say again, back up YOUR claim that we are not evolving. And the big bang is a red herring, we are talking about evolution, NOT Cosmology. It looks like you are trying to steer the debate away from what it is because you cannot back up your claims. 

	 9 -8 I would much rather have a lousy father that a be fatherless because every dad out there is lousy in their own kind of way. I don't always agree with my dad, we don't always get along, and sometimes, when he gets home from work, he just sits on the couch, watching tv, and waits for my mom to make him food. Thats pretty lousy to me, but at the end of it all, I love him and I don't know what I would do without him. Yeah, he'll get on my nerves sometimes, but he's lived longer than me which makes him wiser in so many different ways. 

	 0 -25 William Farquhar stayed in Singapore longer than Raffles, so Farquhar had more time to get to know the people more, to earn the trust of the people, to find out the problems that the people were facing and to solve those problems 

	 2 -11 your argument doesn't hold validity since in the cases you sited, the mental stability and ability to reason are completely compromised. The state intervenes in the cases in instances of mental illness. You will need to find a better answer. Sorry. Try again. 

	 17 0 It's not a question of what YOU choose, it's a question of "who decides"? A woman is not your property. Nor is she the property of your church, the state, or any fetus. You have no right to command her servitude. 

	 0 -20 I really dont have an exact yes or no answer to this question depending on the situation. If It really got all out of hand and the police new it was my man that did it and they got all the evidence and witnesses that prove it was him that convicted the crime then yes I would turn him in. If they know its him then its just a matter of time. 

	 0 -18 The "who gives a crap" button was your browser's back button. No one said you had to read this or vote on this or post a comment. It always baffles me to see people take the time to post a comment to say they don't care and everyone should stop talking about it. And another thing... people who post comments like mine make me sick. 

	 20 0 i dont think soooo even as an indian citizen.........because of soo much unemployment i dont think the gdp of india will increase in the next 5 years....... they dont even have enough funds to feed all the poor..how can we even imagine them to lead the world........... 

	 2 -18 Obviously everybody wants to say that they would help mankind, the world or save the city, but only a small percent of people would actually do this. I honestly would like to help mankind. I would like to save the world, but I'm posting under personal pursuit because I do not know what I would do in one of these situations. Anyway, if people did believe in the advancement of the common good all of the economical cars and factories wouldn't just now be made. These inventions would have come out as soon as the theory of global warming came out. 

	 25 0 india can speak english better than orginal english man..britishers and americans speech includes a lot of grammatical mistakes ..so who is better....indians !!!! "truth is stranger than fiction"....... 

	 6 -34 I just don't see why it matters so much. We're here. Whoop-de-doo. So go on and live your life! If you want to believe in creationism, that's great, good for you. If you want to believe in evolutionism, same thing. I understand that the point of debate is to get the opponent to be convinced of your side and everything, but I just don't see why even debating it is neccisary. Yet with all that said... Maybe it was a little hypocritical of me to post this. xD sorry. 

	 41 0 It's better to have a lousy father for practical reasons. You can blame every mistake you've made on your father. He won't pry into your business and search your room and take your stuff because he doesnt think I need it. He wouldnt care so much that he would get pissed and throw my backpack with my computer in it at a wall putting a hole in it because I didn't clean the sink after breakfast or I forgot my keys. I think it's actually an opinion because that kind of father is still lousy because he'll tell you that he hates you and I ruined his life. 

	 0 -41 Unfortunately, most of what sabrejimmy says is a load of crap. This is what makes these kinds of debates pointless. You have some idiot creationists, who don't understand anything about science. sabrejimmy hasn't attempted to learn anything from this debate. He continues to ask ridiculous questions. Personally, I think I will have to ignore his future posts. Intelligent debate is satisfying, but this isn't. 

	 0 -68 BOOKZ SUCK BECAUSE it iz harder To SPELL lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol 
