Showing the top 25 most incorrectly labelled arguments for ling: 
No. times underrated; no.times overrated; argument text
	 0 -1 year,i support this view. when i was studying in the school,for me wasn't a problem what to wear . In the university....i spend too much time in choosing clothes. firstly, it is wasting a time. secondly, when all students wear one uniform, there wouldn't be any discrimination, dividing into social status groups. A uniform shows students equality. 

	 0 -1 yes, i believe it's nice to have a school uniform. Each school 's uniform signifies its goal for instant i wore white shirt and blue skirt in my school days, white color is an indication of peace and blue of fidelity in relationships moreover identical uniform also removes the wall of status. it also depicts that whether a child comes from high or low class they all are treated equally under one roof . 

	 0 -1 Frankly, if kids didn't dress like whores and drug dealers all the time then it wouldn't be a problem, but since a lot of them do school districts have to turn to such a thing. The argument of individuality...who cares? That's a load of bull. Is school the only place these kids go? What is stopping them from going home and putting on different clothes after school? And it isn't the schools job to make sure that every kid gets to "express their opinion." School is meant to be a learning environment, not a fashion show or a night club. 

	 0 -1 That's really good idea. As i remember every morning i though what was better to wear? It was really problem, i spent quiet a lot of time. I asked my parents to buy new clothes for me, it was happened not rare. I know that not everyone thought as me, but it much better if the school has own uniform and everybody has to follow it. First it looks very good, smart. Secondly there is no envy that somebody have really nice skirt or jeans. Every pupil is the same and it would be easy to study, to not think about another things!! 

	 0 -1 I believe that the school uniform is a good idea because school uniform improve student attendance and student doesn't spend a lot of time to choosing and buying clothes for school, espeacilly girls. That is why they can use more time to study. 

	 0 -1 It is a good thing because this shows that the school and everyone else accepts each other no matter where they come from, who they are or what religion they are. 

	 0 -1 THE SCHOOL UNIFORM IS A VERY GOOOOOOOOOD IDEA , WHY ?? becouse the school uniform makes pupils concentrated on their education than on their clothes and I believe that school uniform instills discipline among pupils it makes pupils with diferent material statuses more equal :) 

	 1 0 It's better to have a lousy father for practical reasons. You can blame every mistake you've made on your father. He won't pry into your business and search your room and take your stuff because he doesnt think I need it. He wouldnt care so much that he would get pissed and throw my backpack with my computer in it at a wall putting a hole in it because I didn't clean the sink after breakfast or I forgot my keys. I think it's actually an opinion because that kind of father is still lousy because he'll tell you that he hates you and I ruined his life. 

	 1 0 If you want your kids to wear uniforms, go to a school that allows that. But don't go crying to me that your kids are underachieving, easily-distracted, derelicts that can't focus their attention for 5 minutes in class. Maybe I'm exaggerating. But my message is clear. Uniforms are here to prevent problems that not wearing uniforms would cause. 

	 1 0 Uniforms allow an equal and fair social status only based on personality and not looks. I do half to admit wearing what you want is fun and creative but its only fun if everyone can do it and for some children thats not the case and they cant afford to live up to their peers standards so uniforms would make social life much easier and it would give a more mature look to the school. 

	 0 -1 Good idea for separate student from other people for at least increase garment job. Why we use soldier uniform? For separate from civil. Why terrorist not use soldier uniform? For harmonious with civil and easy to attack enemy. 

	 1 0 i think school uniform is really good idea!Yes i agree that a lot of pupils don't like it, but however it have a lot of benefits. As previous people said children at first don't have to think about what to wear!because it is very big problem for teenagers. 

	 0 -1 it is good idea... children should be equal, and do not compare clothes of each other... if they see something new from their classmates, they want to buy it, even it is not necessary... 

	 4 0 They prepare people for the clothes they may have to wear later on in life. They ensure that no unsuitable clothing is worn. 

	 2 -2 School uniform is a great idea, just because it makes impossible to hold the race for the fashion among pupils. let it be, one pupil is richer than another. rich can begin to show off in front of those who are poorer. this action will create a negative atmosphere in the school and can start row between both pupils. As a rule, As a rule, it often occurs between the girls, although it is not rare between the boys. that's why school uniform liquidates all conflicts. 

	 4 0 school uniform does no harm to students life emotions now as for the point of expressing oneself imagine one bully wearing shirt,tie,pant all neatly ironed and well polished shoes wont he look good.remember dressing sense also is a part of ur interveiw 

	 4 0 1. It makes everyone equal - if children can wear what they want some children will teased and feel less equal to their peers around them vs. uniforms 2. Okay Look school is for learning not how you look and dress but maybe in some levels it matters and most people that go to schools that don't have uniforms take like about 1 hr just to find their pants or shirt I mean really?? When you have a uniform it takes less than 10 min just to take it out and put it on and 

	 2 0 yas,of course . School uniform is important 1.school uniform is a logos for our school 2.to remind us that we are part of the school 3.and if we use the uniform basically student used to think what are they gonna do to, is it positive or negative 4.in the morning we should use our uniform and if were not use our uniform the teacher give us a punishment and from that we can learn to be a discipline student 5.if we go out from the school than the teacher will see we used the school uniform so people will know that we from that school thankyou 

	 0 -4 According to the legacy educational resources, as fashion and trends change, students become more concerned with how they look and how they are perceived than they do with their academic success and achievement. The fashion of low rise jeans, bagging jeans, large trench coats, low cut shirts, and many others contribute to behavior problems and safety issues in the classrooms and in the hallways of schools today. 

	 4 0 In a school all the students may not belong to the same financial status . Some may be rich , some may not be that rich . So uniform provides equal status to all the students so that there is no gap among them . If there is no uniform , then the rich students will wear new dresses everyday which the other students cannot afford and may lead to resentment among them . Some insensitive children may also mock other students wear old cloths . So I beleive that uniform is essential especially in developing countries . 

	 2 -3 I think school uniform is a good idea. Because there is the gap between the rich and poor, school uniform is efficient in many ways. If they wore to plain clothes every day, they concerned about clothes by brand and quantity of clothes. Teenager is sensible so the poor students can feel inferior. Although school uniform is very expensive , it is cheap better than plain clothes. Also they feel sense of kinship and sense of belonging. In my case, school uniform is convenient. I don't have to worry about my clothes during my student days. 

	 0 -9 Means you don't have to worry about what you hve to wear! Less awkward when people say wear school uniform and you wear mufti... 

	 4 -1 Wearing school uniform U can be sure that you go to school to study, not showing how fashionable you are 

	 0 -20 This is very. Bad as the uniforms are also cost effective 

	 18 0 Who in their right mind wants to get rid of Catholic school girl outfits? 
