Showing the top 25 most incorrectly labelled arguments for ling:
No. times underrated; no.times overrated; argument text
	 0 -1 Firefox has the user made extensions which cater for the user based community therefore it wins

	 0 -1 Just a note to the creationists. Please use the "Convinced me" link correctly. You're supposed to click this if the person's argument convinced you that Creationism is true. Some of you seem to be clicking anything and everything on the right hand side. This will not help you win the debate by the way.

	 0 -1 I really dont have an exact yes or no answer to this question depending on the situation. If It really got all out of hand and the police new it was my man that did it and they got all the evidence and witnesses that prove it was him that convicted the crime then yes I would turn him in. If they know its him then its just a matter of time.

	 1 0 It is ignorant and idiotic to think that god exist. Any other argument is completely invalid.

	 0 -1 The "who gives a crap" button was your browser's back button. No one said you had to read this or vote on this or post a comment. It always baffles me to see people take the time to post a comment to say they don't care and everyone should stop talking about it. And another thing... people who post comments like mine make me sick.

	 0 -1 Yes, because... 1st, It's a fun activity of the school day, that we get to have fun, and at the same time, do our excerse-- lose the weight we've been gaining, not all of it, but... 2nd, Obesity is certainly a proble in the U.S., so it would help! 3rd, People can have a moment that they'll eat the school's fake lunch, then lose some of it, like the fat when we sweat!...................................... I'm Done!!... Now go get a life, and lose some weight!!!!

	 1 0 India will not lead the world because the gap between the rich and poor is too great and they still heavily believe in the caste system.

	 0 -1 Raffles was responsible for Singapore's boost of economy He increased the economy of Singapore by using the Straits of Malacca as a trading route. He established free trade and thus many people came to Singapore to trade with each other, boosting Singapore's economy. Raffles was responsible for Singapore's boost of economy

	 1 -1 I think is better to have a lousy father than a fatherless because you can count on your father. No matter what your father is always going to be there for you in the good and bad times. If you don't have a father you don't really know what is right or wrong. If you don't have a father than you don't have nobody to count with or tell him your problems.

	 2 -2 When there young and trying to find them selves there is no need to get rid of there independence. I vote bad

	 0 -2 for everyone who is talking about RAPE in this subject let me ask you one thing!!!! if you got in a huge fight with someone and ended up breaking your hand or arm... would you cut it off just because it would REMIND you of that expirience??? if your actualy SANE you would say no and if you say yes you need to see a Physiatrist!!!!

	 4 0 Firebug, WebDeveloper, TabMix, FaviconizeTab, GreaseMonkey, IETab (to use when you visit microsot.com). Just some reason why i prefer Firefox.

	 0 -2 Sorry, one more thing: I think it's interesting that SINGTHESTORY and SIBTIGER haven't responded to my explanation of WHY I find adoption a less than desirable alternative to abortion....Funny how people just IGNORE what they can't or don't want to argue against. If you're going to write a rebuttal to someone's argument on here, then click "view all" first. This gives you a history of their arguments and it may help to eliminate the need for that person to REPEAT themselves by addressing something they've already addressed.

	 0 -4 Here's an interesting thought for those of you who believe "life" begins at conception rather than birth... America grants citizenship to people "born" in the United States, but not to those conceived here. Perhaps if you truly believe life begins at conception and that is a full person with rights to life, then we should also grant citizenship to that person, no?

	 0 -5 Firefox has nothing to do with apple or Steve Jobs. I'd say you're the fanatical zealot fanboy.

	 0 -5 For anyone who tries to follow these threads of arguments and rebuttals, it looks like chasbas' argument which I rebutted on Feb 07, 2007 07:09 has been deleted, presumably by chasbas. I wish the argument/rebuttal system on the site were better.

	 5 0 gays are overrated. it is another "look at me" stunt. i think gays are the product of overly protective parents, abuse, or liberal wakoness (it should be a disease). if you gays would stop calling attention to yourselves, nobody would really care what you do.

	 0 -5 tv is better than books because you learn easier by seeing not read

	 8 0 It can be either way, but I think being fatherless is better than having a lousy father because sometimes they get on your nerve and they make you do things you don't wanna do. But hey that's the way fathers' are. You still have other peoples to look up to even though your dad is not around. I'm used to being alone with my mom without my dad there because he passed away when I was six. So, I really don't have a favorite side.

	 2 -6 I rather have a lousy father than not have one at all, because a father is one of the most wonderful things it could happen to you. At least a lousy father would be there when you need someone. You can count on your father on anything. and i guess lousy fathers are like that because they love their child, and they want their son or doughter to be as perfect as posible.

	 6 -2 Very Very bad!! Though I Know im going to miss the days to wear a uniform!! So When IN a student I hate wearing uniforms And When Im a college student I MISS wearing their Uniform!!:d

	 8 0 i would turn in my wife because its wrong to kill someone. it could have been an accident but it was still wrong and besides the police are going to find out who killed that person but i don't want her to leave me for a long period of time so i would tell but then again i wouldn't.

	 0 -13 india can speak english better than orginal english man..britishers and americans speech includes a lot of grammatical mistakes ..so who is better....indians !!!! "truth is stranger than fiction".......

	 13 0 Unfortunately, most of what sabrejimmy says is a load of crap. This is what makes these kinds of debates pointless. You have some idiot creationists, who don't understand anything about science. sabrejimmy hasn't attempted to learn anything from this debate. He continues to ask ridiculous questions. Personally, I think I will have to ignore his future posts. Intelligent debate is satisfying, but this isn't.

	 20 0 BOOKZ SUCK BECAUSE it iz harder To SPELL lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol
