Showing the top 25 most incorrectly labelled arguments for embeddings: 
No. times underrated; no.times overrated; argument text
	 3 -2 Before leaving Singapore, Raffles did leave some plans and policies that were important for the development of the settlement. 

	 0 -5 Porn is definitely wrong. Porn is like an addiction to some people which is unhealthy and can lead to guilt and lust. An addiction to porn gives an unhealthy image of real sex. Porn promotes the fact that sex is totally based on pleasure, but it is actually based on love and affection also. Porn inspired numerous crimes that sometimes abuse the rights and virginity of many people. 

	 0 -8 Our animal insctinc is survival, its what makes us flinch wen we see something coming at ous it makes us react faster, our mental state changes. In todays post modern world, our instinc have change into keep obtaining money to keep ous alive. times change but our desire to survive above other is still thier. 

	 10 0 Besides just a few people apply physical exercises in their life's! 

	 10 0 No.If you research about FarQuhar.He didn't do anything to help Singapore while Raffles was away,instead of doing anything he just made a big mess and allowed things like vice,crimes and gambling dens carry on. 

	 8 0 Raffles conceived a town plan to remodel Singapore into a modern city. The plan consisted of separate areas for different ethnic groups and provision of other facilities such as roads, schools and lands for government buildings. In October 1822, a Town Plan Committee was formed by Raffles to oversee the project. 

	 6 -2 Here's a story for you from a few years back. A nine year old girl living in poverty in South America was raped by her step dad, and got pregnant with twins. Her family knew that she would die in childbirth, but she was not allowed to get an abortion because they were devout catholics. Both her and her two children died. That's three lives lost. One of those lives actually knew what life was. 

	 25 0 If a woman is raped and left with the bastard child of the man who raped her and severely emotionally traumatized her, she should have the decision to give up that baby. Certain circumstances call for desperate decisions and this is one, the choice should be her's to make and she should be allowed to make it. 

	 13 0 TV can be better than books because TV can show the characters' faces and the action can be displayed that is hard for one to decipher from a book. 

	 10 -3 The murders of a person is a crime that cant be overlook, to sleep next to a person who has commited this crime, and you knowing about makes you as much responsible as that persons. 

	 16 -4 I DON'T BELIEVE IN CHRISTIANITY NOR ATHEISM. I AM A MUSLIM, THATS THE BEST RELIGION... 

	 15 -3 I feel like it is better to do both, but in order to help others you need to help yourself. It all starts with your personal goals before you can help others. 

	 20 0 The child is young and doesn't know what is wrong and what is right. 

	 0 -18 the number of reasons on why ff ie are LISTLESS(: 

	 3 -15 Farquhar did all the ground work to improve Singapore but Raffles only dreamt about what to do. 

	 25 0 India is a good country to live in... it has diverse culture but still it unites as one. Saare jagah se achcha... Hindustan hamara... 

	 4 -21 Farquhar was unjustly exiled by Raffles even though William had done a lot to help Singapore. 

	 53 0 Mozilla Firefox is better than Internet Explorer because it alerts you that it has blocked pop-ups and automatically updates the older version to the latest version along with a google toolbar and it downloads very quickly 

	 0 -52 The fact that the only reasonable argument IE users have is that they are cooler or get laid more only proves even more that firefox is better. 

	 58 0 Im going to take the Obama approach to this Abortion is never something a women would take lightly there will always be a lot of thinking asking for help and even praying involved with making that decision. The pro-life people just don't seam to understand that we also think the abortion is a sad and awful thing and we pro-choicers hope nobody would ever have to make this difficult and life altering situation. there for this decision should be left to the women and not some man miles away in d.c. that has never faced it 

	 0 -52 GO TV!!!!!! GO TV!!!! TV will win hopefully LOL TV is great to watch anything 

	 0 -52 spanking is your decision kids can be bad but use it as a last resort 

	 0 -50 FISH ARE DROWNING, THE FISH ARE DROWNING. Don't worryz potato U is not alone 

	 0 -109 the one whom bestows life, is the one whom bestows death 

	 98 0 AS LONG AS IT IS NOT DISEASE WE SHOULD ALL BE FINE WITH ITT ITS NOT OUR BUSINESS!!! 