No. times underrated; no.times overrated; argument text
	 2 0 at least Firefox is not a copycat like internet explorer 7, who copied Firefox on the tabs. 

	 0 -2 There's no reason at all why anyone could say IE is better. Firefox is proven to be safer, faster, and sleeker. You can customize it to look any way you want, and you can add any functionality you can think of. It even has a more original name! 

	 4 0 Farquhar contributed significantly, even forking out his own money to start up the colony carved out of the jungle, by first offering money as an incentive for people to hunt and to exterminate rats and centipedes. Raffles did nothing of that sort. 

	 0 -4 it is better to help yourself before you can help others. for instance, if you don't have your life together how are you going to help someone else with theirs. if your still living at home with your mother and you don't have a job and one want to help out by giving to an organization you couldn't do it. so basically you have to help yourself before you can help others. 

	 4 0 When Farquhar left Singapore, more people were there to send him off than Raffles. This shows that the people recognized Farquhar as their founder, not Raffles 

	 0 -2 Yes, because... 1st, It's a fun activity of the school day, that we get to have fun, and at the same time, do our excerse-- lose the weight we've been gaining, not all of it, but... 2nd, Obesity is certainly a proble in the U.S., so it would help! 3rd, People can have a moment that they'll eat the school's fake lunch, then lose some of it, like the fat when we sweat!...................................... I'm Done!!... Now go get a life, and lose some weight!!!! 

	 1 -1 I would not turn him in unless he killed a more than one because there is no way it could be an accident more than once. I think if i loved the person enough i could hide the facts and act like it never happened. 

	 0 -4 I put my argument on the side saying "yes" but in reality it really depends in my opinion. If my husband killed someone in self-defense, I'd rather them kill the person than my husband die, but if he just killed someone for no reason I probably would turn him in because love may be strong but it can also be blind. I would not want to be married to a murderer because what if one day he decided to kill me? 

	 2 0 Personal pursuit is better because people will be people and want to be the best they can be and they want to be on the top. I know I want to be a "winner". Which by this happening it means that someone has to be a loser. This is personal pursuit. 

	 0 -5 Farquar weeded out many problems, such as the rat and centipede infestation. It took only a few days for Farquar to finish destroying the infestation, whereas Raffles did not do anything about the problem at all. 

	 5 0 Honestly, I'd rather be completely fatherless, not saying that not having is better than having one, albeit a lousy one. However, I do believe that you can grow up completely fatherless and without any major male role model and still be successful. Take myself for example; I lived the first thirteen years of my life without a father or any fatherly interaction, and those were the essential times a kid needed to be around his/her father, I turned out great(Self-opinion). So yes, as opposed to having a lousy father that would rub off on me and mold me into half a man, I would much rather being fatherless. 

	 2 -3 I can prove to you that humans have not evolved since the beginning of recorded history 

	 5 0 Most Americans on average recycle 86-88% of there bottle waters. That is more than half! So stop complaining that we dont recycle because we do! http://www.treehugger.com/culture/23-percent-of-americans-donatmt-recycle.html 

	 6 -3 well, India is finding difficult to manage itself first...so there's no question of leading the world so far....but still if we compare so lets have a look at the following points: 1. almost 90% of India is illiterate(don't be sure of the percentage), so an illiterate country can't lead the world.... 2.India is more into castes, politics, religions and less into development. 3.the most important thing is that India doesn't have confidence on itself and is still cursing itself... So if it goes on so then it is difficult or even impossible to say that "INDIA WILL LEAD THE WORLD WHEN IT CANNOT LEAD ITSELF!!" 

	 0 -9 Firefox takes the best of all previous browsers and sticks it all in one neat package. Security and extendibility are some of its top features. And those times when FF seems to eat up a lot of memory? That's just the cache so you're able to surf the net even faster. Just lower the cache if you don't want to eat so much memory. 

	 0 -10 Raffles conceived a town plan to remodel Singapore into a modern city. The plan consisted of separate areas for different ethnic groups and provision of other facilities such as roads, schools and lands for government buildings. In October 1822, a Town Plan Committee was formed by Raffles to oversee the project. 

	 10 0 The Singapore Treaty is signed between Raffles,Sultan Hussein and the Temenggong with Commandant under the accompanying seven ships witnessing the event. 

	 0 -8 The child is young and doesn't know what is wrong and what is right. 

	 13 0 Anyone who says Firefox 2 has major memory leaks obviously hasn't actually used Firefox 2. The only memory issues I've come across is on opening multiple windows (20 or more at once) or when leaving Firefox active for three hours or more at a time (A known issue, which a simple restart will fix). And arguing for IE7 in favor of Firefox... Weakness. For every feature they added to IE 7 they removed one of the advantages earlier versions had. (Flexible toolbars? Customizable buttons? Who needs em!) 

	 0 -13 Raffles conceived a town plan to remodel Singapore into a modern city. The plan consisted of separate areas for different ethnic groups and provision of other facilities such as roads, schools and lands for government buildings. In October 1822, a Town Plan Committee was formed by Raffles to oversee the project. 

	 13 0 India has Strong Military Neighbors (China & Pakistan)...India has bad relation with Pakistan as they have territorial disputes and also fought 4 wars for this... and as far as china , India relation also become tense with china...due rise of territorial disputes and India interference in Pakistan....as Pakistan China has long term plans ....for example Pak China Economic Corridor and Gawadar Mega Oil City.... 

	 0 -20 We talk about how schools destroy creativity and uniforms are a classic example of that destruction. In most schools with uniforms the students are given the occasional day to were their casual clothes but are then given strict guidelines as to what is acceptable. This is effectively turning "casual clothes" into a twisted "causal" uniform. 

	 20 0 the one whom bestows life, is the one whom bestows death 

	 29 0 Yes, I would turn my spouse in. Who is to say that if they killed once that they wont kill again. Who is to say that you aren't there next target. If they were to ever become paranoid about being caught they might just blow out your brains because paranoia makes you do crazy things. It would be hard to turn them in because you have a deep connection with your spouse but it's something you have to do for your own safety. 

	 0 -41 The Singapore Treaty is signed between Raffles,Sultan Hussein and the Temenggong with Commandant under the accompanying seven ships witnessing the event. 

